English	Maltese
be	kien
begin	beda
break	kisser, farrak
buy	xtara
close	għalaq
come	ġie
cut	qata'
drink	xorob
eat	kiel
fall	waqa'
feel	ħass
find	sab
fire	spara
fly	tar
follow	issegwi
get	akkwista
give	ta
have	kellu
help	għen
hope	ittama
jump	qabeż
kiss	bies
laugh	daħaq
learn	tgħallem
like	ħabb
listen	sema'
look	ħares
love	ħabb
make	għamel
move	mexxa
need	irrikjieda
offer	offra
open	fetaħ
play	lagħab
pull	ġibed
push	imbotta
put	qiegħed, poġġa
read	taqra
run	ġera
say	qal
sing	kanta, għanna
sit	poġġa bil-qegħda
smile	tbissem
swim	għam
take	ħa
talk	qal, tkellem
understand	tifhem
use	uża
write	kiteb
act	agixxa
argue	argumenta, irraġuna
attack	attakka
beat	rebaħ (lil), kisser
become	sar
bite	gidem
burn	ħaraq
call	ċempel
care	impurtah
carry	ġar
catch	qabad
cause	giegħel
change	biddel
classify	qassam, ikklassifika
clean	naddaf
control	ikkontrolla
cook	sajjar
copy	ikkopja
cough	sogħol
crush	farrak
crush	għaffeġ
cry	beka'
design	iddisinja, ippjana
desire	ried
divide	fired, qasam
doubt	iddubita
embrace	ikkopra, inkluda
end	temm, spiċċa
estimate	stima
exceed	qabeż, eċċedi
fight	iġġieled
finish	lesta
flush	witta
free	ħeles, illibera
hate	bagħad
hold	żamm
increase	żied
injure	wegga'
introduce	introduċa
join	għaqqad
keep	żamm
kick	ta daqqa ta' sieq
land	niżel, illandja
last	dam, baqa'
lead	mexxa, ħa
let	ħalla
lift	għolla, tella'
limit	illimita
lock	sakkar, qafel
look	deher
match	qabel
measure	qies, kejl
miss	immissja, falla
name	semma
order	ordna
own	kellu
peel	qaxxar
plow	ħarat
poison	ivvelena
polish	illostra
prepare	lesta
print	stampa
process	ittratta, ipprocessa
profit	qala'
protest	ipprotesta
rate	ordna, irranġa fl-ordni
reach	wasal, laħaq
record	irrekordja
refuse	irrifjuta, irrofta
reply	wieġeb, irrisponda
request	talab
respect	irrispetta, weġġaħ
rest	strieħ
round	off arrotonda
rule	iggverna
save	salva
see	ra
send	imposta
sew	ħit
shout	għajjat, werżaq
smash	kisser
smell	nxtamm
smell	niten
smell	xamm
smoke	pejjep
steal	seraq
stop	waqaf
study	studja
support	appoġġa
surprise	skanta
taste	tiegħem
teach	għallem
test	ipprova, ittestja
throw	tefa', xeħet
trade	innegozja
train	ħarreg, ittrejnja
travel	ivvjaġġja
trick	inganna, qarraq bi
try	ipprova
turn	dar
walk	mexa
warm	saħħan
wash	ħasel
watch	ra
win	rebaħ