Maltese	﻿English
kien	be
beda	begin
kisser, farrak	break
xtara	buy
għalaq	close
ġie	come
qata'	cut
xorob	drink
kiel	eat
waqa'	fall
ħass	feel
sab	find
spara	fire
tar	fly
issegwi	follow
akkwista	get
ta	give
kellu	have
għen	help
ittama	hope
qabeż	jump
bies	kiss
daħaq	laugh
tgħallem	learn
ħabb	like
sema'	listen
ħares	look
ħabb	love
għamel	make
mexxa	move
irrikjieda	need
offra	offer
fetaħ	open
lagħab	play
ġibed	pull
imbotta	push
qiegħed, poġġa	put
taqra	read
ġera	run
qal	say
kanta, għanna	sing
poġġa bil-qegħda	sit
tbissem	smile
għam	swim
ħa	take
qal, tkellem	talk
tifhem	understand
uża	use
kiteb	write
agixxa	act
argumenta, irraġuna	argue
attakka	attack
rebaħ (lil), kisser	beat
sar	become
gidem	bite
ħaraq	burn
ċempel	call
impurtah	care
ġar	carry
qabad	catch
giegħel	cause
biddel	change
qassam, ikklassifika	classify
naddaf	clean
ikkontrolla	control
sajjar	cook
ikkopja	copy
sogħol	cough
farrak	crush
għaffeġ	crush
beka'	cry
iddisinja, ippjana	design
ried	desire
fired, qasam	divide
iddubita	doubt
ikkopra, inkluda	embrace
temm, spiċċa	end
stima	estimate
qabeż, eċċedi	exceed
iġġieled	fight
lesta	finish
witta	flush
ħeles, illibera	free
bagħad	hate
żamm	hold
żied	increase
wegga'	injure
introduċa	introduce
għaqqad	join
żamm	keep
ta daqqa ta' sieq	kick
niżel, illandja	land
dam, baqa'	last
mexxa, ħa	lead
ħalla	let
għolla, tella'	lift
illimita	limit
sakkar, qafel	lock
deher	look
qabel	match
qies, kejl	measure
immissja, falla	miss
semma	name
ordna	order
kellu	own
qaxxar	peel
ħarat	plow
ivvelena	poison
illostra	polish
lesta	prepare
stampa	print
ittratta, ipprocessa	process
qala'	profit
ipprotesta	protest
ordna, irranġa fl-ordni	rate
wasal, laħaq	reach
irrekordja	record
irrifjuta, irrofta	refuse
wieġeb, irrisponda	reply
talab	request
irrispetta, weġġaħ	respect
strieħ	rest
off arrotonda	round
iggverna	rule
salva	save
ra	see
imposta	send
ħit	sew
għajjat, werżaq	shout
kisser	smash
nxtamm	smell
niten	smell
xamm	smell
pejjep	smoke
seraq	steal
waqaf	stop
studja	study
appoġġa	support
skanta	surprise
tiegħem	taste
għallem	teach
ipprova, ittestja	test
tefa', xeħet	throw
innegozja	trade
ħarreg, ittrejnja	train
ivvjaġġja	travel
inganna, qarraq bi	trick
ipprova	try
dar	turn
mexa	walk
saħħan	warm
ħasel	wash
ra	watch
