English	Catalan
be	ésser
begin	debutar
break	rompre, trencar
buy	comprar
close	tancar
come	venir
dance	dansar
draw	dibuixar
drink	beure
eat	menjar
fall	caure
feel	percebre, sentir
find	trobar
fire	tirar
fly	volar
follow	seguir
forget	oblidar
get	obtenir, rebre
give	donar
have	haver, tenir
hear	assabentar-se de, exaudir
help	acudir
hope	esperançar, esperar
jump	saltar
kiss	besar
laugh	riure
learn	aprendre
lie	jaure, jeure
lie	mentir
listen	escoltar
look	mirar
lose	perdre
love	estimar
make	fer
meet	caure, encertar
move	bellugar, moure
need	necessitar
offer	oferir
open	obrir
pay	pagar
play	sonar
pull	estirar, tirar
put	pondre
read	llegir
remember	recordar
say	dir
sell	vendre
sing	cantar
sit	seure
smile	somriure
swim	nedar
talk	parlar
understand	comprendre, entendre
use	utilitzar
wait	esperar
write	escriure
accept	allotjar
accuse	acusar
achieve	aconseguir, assolir
act	fer
add	afegir
affect	influir
agree	accedir a, acceptar
allow	permetre
announce	anular
argue	disputar
arrive	arribar
ask	demanar, posar qüestions
attack	atacar
avoid	evitar
be	viure
bear	dur, portar
beat	bategar, batre
become	obtenir, rebre
believe	creure
bite	agafar, corroir
bring	aportar, portar
build	construir
call	cridar
care	curar, tenir cura de
carry	traginar
change	canviar
choose	elegir, triar
clean	netejar
compare	comparar
contain	contenir
continue	continuar, fer durar
cook	coure
cough	tossir
cry	plorar
decide	decidir
describe	descriure
design	dibuixar
desire	voler
develop	desenvolupar
die	morir
divide	dividir
doubt	dubtar
drive	dirigir
encourage	alenar
end	acabar
enjoy	gaudir
enter	entrar
establish	fundar
exceed	superar
exist	existir
expect	esperar
explain	explicar
fight	combatre
find	descobrir
finish	acabar, finir
forgive	perdonar
free	alliberar
give	up capitular
grow	crèixer
happen	ocórrer
hate	odiar
hide	camuflar
hold	aguantar, mantenir
identify	identificar
injure	ferir
introduce	presentar
introduce	presentar
join	lligar
keep	tenir
kill	matar
land	aterrar
lead	conduir
let	deixar
lift	elevar
load	carregament
lock	tancar amb clau
look	semblar
lose	perdre
manage	administrar
match	cartejar-se, enllaçar-se
mean	tenir la intenció de
measure	mesurar
mention	mencionar
miss	deixar passar, desatendre
order	manar, ordenar
own	posseir
peel	pelar
plow	ginebre
poison	emmetzinar
prepare	preparar
press	premsar
prevent	impedir
print	imprimir
profit	aprofitar-se
protest	protestar
prove	demostrar, provar
publish	publicar
raise	agambar
rate	apreciar, avaluar
reach	aconseguir, assolir
receive	obtenir, rebre
record	gravar
reduce	reduir
reflect	reflectir
refuse	negar
replace	rellevar, substituir
reply	respondre
report	informar, referir
represent	presentar
request	demanar
respect	honorar
reveal	descobrir
risk	arriscar
rule	dirigir, dominar
save	estalviar
see	veure
see	considerar
send	enviar
serve	servir
sew	cosir
shout	xisclar
show	mostrar
smell	fer flaire, fer olor
smell	olorar
stand	estar dret, estar en algun
stay	quedar, restar
steal	robar
stop	parar
study	estudiar
suffer	patir, sofrir
suggest	proposar
supply	lliurar
support	donar suport, estintolar
surprise	sorprendre
taste	tastar
teach	ensenyar
test	assajar, provar
thank	agrair
throw	llençar
trade	comerciar
travel	anar
treat	curar
trick	decebre, enganyar
try	assajar, provar
turn	girar
visit	visitar
walk	caminar, marxar
warm	escalfar
wash	llavar
watch	veure
win	guanyar
wish	desitjar