English	Spanish
be	ser
begin	comenzar, empezar
break	partir, quebrar
buy	adquirir, comprar
close	cerrar, tapar
come	llegar, venir
cut	cortar
dance	bailar, saltar
do	ejercer
draw	dibujar, trazar
drink	beber, tomar
eat	comer
fall	caer, derrumbarse
feel	palpar
find	encontrar, recuperar
fire	disparar
fly	volar
follow	seguir, continuar
forget	olvidar, ignorar
get	conseguir, obtener
give	dar
have	tener
hear	oír
help	ayudar, asistir
hope	esperar
jump	saltar, brincar
kiss	besar
know	conocer, saber
laugh	reír
learn	aprender
lie	yacer
lie	mentir
like	simpatizar, considerar
listen	escuchar, sentir
look	contemplar, admirar
lose	perder
love	amar, querer
make	meter
meet	encontrar
move	desplazar, mover
need	necesitar, precisar
offer	ofrecer
open	abrir
pay	abonar, pagar
play	jugar, tocar
pull	arrastrar, estirar
push	apretar, empujar
put	poner
read	leer
remember	recordar, avisar
run	correr
say	decir, manifestar
sell	vender
sing	cantar
sit	sentar
smile	sonreír
swim	nadar
take	coger, tomar
talk	decir, hablar
understand	coger, comprender
use	emplear, usar
wait	esperar
write	escribir
accept	aceptar, querer
accuse	acusar
achieve	alcanzar, lograr
act	actuar, hacer
add	agregar, añadir
add	sumar
admit	admitir, reconocer
affect	afectar, conmover
agree	coincidir, consentir
allow	dejar, permitir
announce	anunciar, proclamar
argue	debatir, discutir
arrive	llegar, arribar
ask	preguntar, solicitar
attack	asaltar, atacar
avoid	evitar, excusar
be	durar, existir
bear	llevar, traer
beat	vencer
become	convertirse
behave	funcionar
believe	considerar, creer
benefit	beneficiar
bite	morder
bring	acarrear, llevar
build	construir, edificar
burn	arder, incendiar
call	llamar, telefonear
care	importar, concernirse
carry	cargar, transportar
catch	cazar
cause	causar, hacer
change	alterar, cambiar
choose	coger, escoger
classify	clasificar, separar
clean	limpiar, pulir
compare	comparar
connect	conectar, acoplar
contain	contener, incluir
continue	continuar, avanzar
control	controlar
cook	preparar, cocer
copy	copiar, recrear
cough	toser
crush	aplastar
crush	aplastar, machacar
cry	llorar
decide	decidir, determinar
deliver	entregar, librar
describe	describir, explicar
design	diseñar
desire	desear, querer
develop	desarrollar
die	expirar, fallecer
discover	descubrir
discuss	discutir
dislike	desagradar, caer mal
divide	dividir, partir
doubt	dudar
drive	conducir, manejar
embrace	comprender, cubrir
encourage	animar, estimular
end	acabar, cesar
enhance	acrecentar
enjoy	disfrutar, gustar
enter	entrar, penetrar
establish	constituir, instaurar
estimate	calcular, echar
exceed	superar
exist	existir, haber
expect	aguardar, contar
explain	explicar, contar
express	expresar, indicar
fight	luchar, pelear
fill	llenar, abarrotar
find	descubrir, detectar
find	out averiguar, determinar
finish	completar
flush	igualar
forgive	perdonar, excusar
free	liberar, eximir
give	up desistir
grow	crecer, progresar
happen	ocurrir, pasar
hate	detestar, odiar
hide	esconder, ocultar
hold	aguantar, sostener
identify	identificar
imply	implicar, suponer
include	incluir
increase	aumentar, incrementar
injure	herir, torturar
introduce	introducir
introduce	presentar
join	acoplar, reunir
keep	conservar, mantener
kick	patada
kill	matar
land	aterrizar
last	durar
lead	conducir, llevar
leave	abandonar, dejar
let	dejar, consentir
lift	alzar, elevar
limit	limitar
load	cargar
lock	cerrar
look	parecer
lose	perder
manage	manejar, tratar
marry	casarse
match	corresponder
mean	representar, significar
mean	pensar, fraguar
measure	medir
mention	aludir, citar
miss	perder
miss	fallar
name	llamar
operate	controlar, operar
order	encargar
own	poseer, tener
pass	on ceder, dar
peel	pelar, mondar
plan	planificar
please	agradar, complacer
plow	arar, binar
poison	envenenar
polish	abrillantar
prepare	disponer, preparar
press	apretar, presionar
prevent	estorbar, impedir
print	imprimir, moldear
process	procesar, tratar
profit	beneficiarse
protest	protestar, reclamar
prove	mostrar
publish	publicar, sacar
raise	criar, asistir
rate	clasificar
reach	alcanzar, ganar
receive	recibir
record	grabar, registrar
reduce	cortar, recortar
reflect	reflejar
refuse	rechazar, declinar
remove	quitar, sacar
render	devolver, entregar
replace	reemplazar
reply	responder
report	informar, relatar
represent	corresponder, representar
request	pedir, solicitar
respect	honrar, venerar
rest	reposar
reveal	declarar, manifestar
risk	arriesgar, aventurar
round	off redondear
rule	gobernar, regir
save	ahorrar
save	salvar, sacar
see	ver
see	considerar, ver
send	echar, enviar
serve	ejercer
sew	coser
share	compartir
shout	gritar, llamar
show	exhibir, mostrar
smash	aplastar
smell	oler
smell	oler
smell	oler, olfatear
smoke	fumar
spend	pasar
stand	alzar, levantar
stay	permanecer, mantener
steal	afanar, quitar
stop	detener
study	estudiar
suffer	soportar, sufrir
suggest	proponer, sugerir
supply	facilitar, proporcionar
support	apoyar, respaldar
suppose	suponer
surprise	sorprender
taste	probar
teach	enseñar, instruir
test	ensayar, examinar
thank	agradecer
think	discurrir, pensar
throw	lanzar, echar
title	autorizar, titular
trade	comerciar
train	enseñar
travel	ir
treat	cuidar, tratar
trick	embaucar
try	intentar, pretender
turn	girar, rotar
visit	ver, visitar
walk	andar, caminar
warm	calentar
wash	lavar
watch	ver
wear	llevar, vestir
weigh	pesar
win	ganar, triunfar
wish	desear