Spanish	﻿English
ser	be
comenzar, empezar	begin
partir, quebrar	break
adquirir, comprar	buy
cerrar, tapar	close
llegar, venir	come
cortar	cut
bailar, saltar	dance
ejercer	do
dibujar, trazar	draw
beber, tomar	drink
comer	eat
caer, derrumbarse	fall
palpar	feel
encontrar, recuperar	find
disparar	fire
volar	fly
seguir, continuar	follow
olvidar, ignorar	forget
conseguir, obtener	get
dar	give
tener	have
oír	hear
ayudar, asistir	help
esperar	hope
saltar, brincar	jump
besar	kiss
conocer, saber	know
reír	laugh
aprender	learn
yacer	lie
mentir	lie
simpatizar, considerar	like
escuchar, sentir	listen
contemplar, admirar	look
perder	lose
amar, querer	love
meter	make
encontrar	meet
desplazar, mover	move
necesitar, precisar	need
ofrecer	offer
abrir	open
abonar, pagar	pay
jugar, tocar	play
arrastrar, estirar	pull
apretar, empujar	push
poner	put
leer	read
recordar, avisar	remember
correr	run
decir, manifestar	say
vender	sell
cantar	sing
sentar	sit
sonreír	smile
nadar	swim
coger, tomar	take
decir, hablar	talk
coger, comprender	understand
emplear, usar	use
esperar	wait
escribir	write
aceptar, querer	accept
acusar	accuse
alcanzar, lograr	achieve
actuar, hacer	act
agregar, añadir	add
sumar	add
admitir, reconocer	admit
afectar, conmover	affect
coincidir, consentir	agree
dejar, permitir	allow
anunciar, proclamar	announce
debatir, discutir	argue
llegar, arribar	arrive
preguntar, solicitar	ask
asaltar, atacar	attack
evitar, excusar	avoid
durar, existir	be
llevar, traer	bear
vencer	beat
convertirse	become
funcionar	behave
considerar, creer	believe
beneficiar	benefit
morder	bite
acarrear, llevar	bring
construir, edificar	build
arder, incendiar	burn
llamar, telefonear	call
importar, concernirse	care
cargar, transportar	carry
cazar	catch
causar, hacer	cause
alterar, cambiar	change
coger, escoger	choose
clasificar, separar	classify
limpiar, pulir	clean
comparar	compare
conectar, acoplar	connect
contener, incluir	contain
continuar, avanzar	continue
controlar	control
preparar, cocer	cook
copiar, recrear	copy
toser	cough
aplastar	crush
aplastar, machacar	crush
llorar	cry
decidir, determinar	decide
entregar, librar	deliver
describir, explicar	describe
diseñar	design
desear, querer	desire
desarrollar	develop
expirar, fallecer	die
descubrir	discover
discutir	discuss
desagradar, caer mal	dislike
dividir, partir	divide
dudar	doubt
conducir, manejar	drive
comprender, cubrir	embrace
animar, estimular	encourage
acabar, cesar	end
acrecentar	enhance
disfrutar, gustar	enjoy
entrar, penetrar	enter
constituir, instaurar	establish
calcular, echar	estimate
superar	exceed
existir, haber	exist
aguardar, contar	expect
explicar, contar	explain
expresar, indicar	express
luchar, pelear	fight
llenar, abarrotar	fill
descubrir, detectar	find
out averiguar, determinar	find
completar	finish
igualar	flush
perdonar, excusar	forgive
liberar, eximir	free
up desistir	give
crecer, progresar	grow
ocurrir, pasar	happen
detestar, odiar	hate
esconder, ocultar	hide
aguantar, sostener	hold
identificar	identify
implicar, suponer	imply
incluir	include
aumentar, incrementar	increase
herir, torturar	injure
introducir	introduce
presentar	introduce
acoplar, reunir	join
conservar, mantener	keep
patada	kick
matar	kill
aterrizar	land
durar	last
conducir, llevar	lead
abandonar, dejar	leave
dejar, consentir	let
alzar, elevar	lift
limitar	limit
cargar	load
cerrar	lock
parecer	look
perder	lose
manejar, tratar	manage
casarse	marry
corresponder	match
representar, significar	mean
pensar, fraguar	mean
medir	measure
aludir, citar	mention
perder	miss
fallar	miss
llamar	name
controlar, operar	operate
encargar	order
poseer, tener	own
on ceder, dar	pass
pelar, mondar	peel
planificar	plan
agradar, complacer	please
arar, binar	plow
envenenar	poison
abrillantar	polish
disponer, preparar	prepare
apretar, presionar	press
estorbar, impedir	prevent
imprimir, moldear	print
procesar, tratar	process
beneficiarse	profit
protestar, reclamar	protest
mostrar	prove
publicar, sacar	publish
criar, asistir	raise
clasificar	rate
alcanzar, ganar	reach
recibir	receive
grabar, registrar	record
cortar, recortar	reduce
reflejar	reflect
rechazar, declinar	refuse
quitar, sacar	remove
devolver, entregar	render
reemplazar	replace
responder	reply
informar, relatar	report
corresponder, representar	represent
pedir, solicitar	request
honrar, venerar	respect
reposar	rest
declarar, manifestar	reveal
arriesgar, aventurar	risk
off redondear	round
gobernar, regir	rule
ahorrar	save
salvar, sacar	save
ver	see
considerar, ver	see
echar, enviar	send
ejercer	serve
coser	sew
compartir	share
gritar, llamar	shout
exhibir, mostrar	show
aplastar	smash
oler	smell
oler	smell
oler, olfatear	smell
fumar	smoke
pasar	spend
alzar, levantar	stand
permanecer, mantener	stay
afanar, quitar	steal
detener	stop
estudiar	study
soportar, sufrir	suffer
proponer, sugerir	suggest
facilitar, proporcionar	supply
apoyar, respaldar	support
suponer	suppose
sorprender	surprise
probar	taste
enseñar, instruir	teach
ensayar, examinar	test
agradecer	thank
discurrir, pensar	think
lanzar, echar	throw
autorizar, titular	title
comerciar	trade
enseñar	train
ir	travel
cuidar, tratar	treat
embaucar	trick
intentar, pretender	try
girar, rotar	turn
ver, visitar	visit
andar, caminar	walk
calentar	warm
lavar	wash
ver	watch
llevar, vestir	wear
pesar	weigh
ganar, triunfar	win
