cerrados	cerrado
carajos	carajo
vería	ver
seca	seco secar
recibiendo	recibir
pescar	pescar
olvidas	olvidar
naciones	nación
llevara	llevar
graciosa	gracioso
emergencias	emergencia
conviene	convenir
comunicaciones	comunicación
caí	caer
ocuparé	ocupar
niñita	niñita
hazte	hacer
estupenda	estupendo
disciplina	disciplina
case	casar
arriesgado	arriesgado arriesgar
arquitecto	arquitecto
vaticano	Vaticano
traerme	traer
tiroteo	tiroteo
sirvo	servir
sentirás	sentir
ratón	ratón
quitarme	quitar
quedaba	quedar
preguntan	preguntar
permíteme	permitir
masacre	masacre
infancia	infancia
indio	indio
homosexual	homosexual
chance	chance
barba	barba
artes	arte
acerque	acercar
susto	susto
síntomas	síntoma
salvarte	salvar
sabio	sabio
romance	romance
petición	petición
peligrosos	peligroso
orinar	orinar
macho	macho
llevarse	llevar
lindos	lindo
protegerte	proteger
profundidad	profundidad
pides	pedir
permanente	permanente
investigaciones	investigación
cruzando	cruzar
comenzando	comenzar
atrapada	atrapado atrapar
trampas	trampa
tomemos	tomar
tímido	tímido
ola	ola
narices	nariz
diana	diana Diana
presentarles	presentar
pasaremos	pasar
observa	observar
nacer	nacer
mona	mona mono
mm	mm milímetro
increíblemente	increíblemente
despegar	despegar
comentario	comentario
sufre	sufrir
ramera	ramera
perfume	perfume
oscura	oscuro
olas	ola
obligado	obligado obligar
noviembre	noviembre
logré	lograr
llevaría	llevar
fallado	fallado fallar
escocia	Escocia
destruyó	destruir
conduciendo	conducir
camiseta	camiseta
venas	vena
riendo	reír
resistir	resistir
pavo	pavo
pagué	pagar
nieto	nieto
liberar	liberar
hogares	hogar
denle	dar
barón	barón
aguanto	aguantar
vicepresidente	vicepresidente
simón	simón Simón
querrías	querer
quedara	quedar
ordenador	ordenador
jodidos	jodido joder
enfermeras	enfermera
despertado	despertado despertar
comentarios	comentario
alumnos	alumno
aburrida	aburrido aburrir
superar	superar
norma	norma normar
musical	musical
lápiz	lápiz
jodan	joder
incluye	incluir
fruta	fruta
entran	entrar
eléctrica	eléctrica eléctrico
crítica	crítica
comí	comer
chip	chip
cargado	cargado cargar
altas	alta alto
venden	vender
superiores	superior
sufriendo	sufrir
sacamos	sacar
invitó	invitar
huelo	oler
harían	hacer
gastar	gastar
escapa	escapar
confirmar	confirmar
quitado	quitado quitar
probando	probar
perímetro	perímetro
pegado	pegado pegar
olviden	olvidar
mentirosa	mentiroso
incapaz	incapaz
forense	forense
ésas	ese esa
dignidad	dignidad
detectives	detective
deportes	deporte
delicado	delicado
cuarenta	cuarenta
constante	constante
bebes	beber
sesos	seso
seriamente	seriamente
regresemos	regresar
protegiendo	proteger
muralla	muralla
meterse	meter
lleves	llevar
inténtalo	intentar
huye	huir
embarazo	embarazo embarazar
debimos	deber
cuartos	cuarto
copas	copa
rehén	rehén
pisos	piso
persiguiendo	perseguir
milagros	milagro Milagros
horror	horror
emocional	emocional
comedor	comedor
busqué	buscar
buscarme	buscar
tumbas	tumba tumbar
subtitulado	subtitulado
plazo	plazo
pesca	pesca pescar
muertas	muerto morir
mantenerlo	mantener
llamaremos	llamar
litros	litro
horribles	horrible
deudas	deuda
detiene	detener
compraste	comprar
comisaría	comisaría
verlas	ver
vé	ver
vago	vago vagar
unica	único
radiación	radiación
múltiples	múltiple
muchísimas	muchísimo mucho
equivoca	equivocar
cuya	cuyo
cortinas	cortina
tenerla	tener
tapa	tapa tapar
sorpresas	sorpresa
respiro	respiro respirar
queja	queja quejar
preguntarme	preguntar
oyendo	oír
mordida	mordida mordido morder
mmm	mmm
miró	mirar
marchar	marchar
mantequilla	mantequilla
guardián	guardián
escándalo	escándalo
causó	causar
aléjense	alejar
acercando	acercar
vió	ver
tinta	tinta tinto
sindicato	sindicato
reuniones	reunión
pida	pedir
personajes	personaje
lees	leer
dispuesta	dispuesto disponer
descripción	descripción
calzones	calzón
brigada	brigada
ayudaría	ayudar
repugnante	repugnante
odiaba	odiar
misa	misa
metrópolis	metrópolis metrópoli
meterme	meter
mamita	mamita
jamón	jamón
ésos	ese esos
cazadores	cazador
usarla	usar
retraso	retraso retrasar
responsabilidades	responsabilidad
preocupas	preocupar
pagando	pagar
linterna	linterna
inevitable	inevitable
encender	encender
distinta	distinto
compro	comprar
cacería	cacería
atacan	atacar
usaba	usar
parientes	pariente
menores	menor
jungla	jungla
dedicado	dedicado dedicar
contentos	contento
compraré	comprar
astuto	astuto
antídoto	antídoto
vivas	vivir
vano	vano
sajones	sajón
raros	raro
quemado	quemado quemar
promesas	promesa
parejas	pareja parejo
olvidarlo	olvidar
locales	local
fuga	fuga
estaciones	estación
dispares	disparar
despidieron	despedir
asesinada	asesinado asesinar
artillería	artillería
apariencia	apariencia
advertí	advertir
sacarme	sacar
pueblos	pueblo
mágico	mágico
garantizo	garantizar
excusas	excusa excusar
contratar	contratar
candidato	candidato
anteriormente	anteriormente
adicto	adicto
sello	sello
salvarlo	salvar
retrasado	retrasado retrasar
placas	placa
hermosos	hermoso
galleta	galleta
escucharon	escuchar
chistoso	chistoso
anillos	anillo
subió	subir
solar	solar
píldoras	píldora
pásame	pasar
juegues	jugar
grito	grito gritar
enseñado	enseñado enseñar
encontrarte	encontrar
descubrimiento	descubrimiento
consigues	conseguir
clérigo	clérigo
clásico	clásico
batallas	batalla batallar
uses	usar
trates	tratar
marzo	marzo
hechas	hecho hacer
fraude	fraude
economía	economía
disfrute	disfrutar
creerme	creer
costo	costo costar
consiga	conseguir
condena	condena
bájate	bajar
alivio	alivio aliviar
traerá	traer
quedaremos	quedar
micrófono	micrófono
matemáticas	matemática
interesan	interesar
ida	ido ir
hueles	oler
giro	giro girar
desgraciados	desgraciado desgraciar
arroz	arroz
andan	andar
unido	unido unir
traseros	trasero
torres	torre
seda	seda sedar
engañando	engañar
encuentres	encontrar
controles	controlar control
choque	choque chocar
celos	celo
aclarar	aclarar
sentiría	sentir
santuario	santuario
queden	quedar
piratas	pirata
impulso	impulso
impedir	impedir
grita	gritar
envíe	enviar
entraste	entrar
debieron	deber
creías	creer
cobrar	cobrar
audición	audición
asesinados	asesinado asesinar
afueras	afueras
tribu	tribu
testamento	testamento
postre	postre
paró	parar
ópera	ópera
falló	fallar
estatal	estatal
esclavo	esclavo
déjate	dejar
costillas	costilla
costará	costar
chistes	chiste
arreglaré	arreglar
alcanza	alcanzar
valientes	valiente
privilegio	privilegio
orina	orina
jovencito	jovencito joven
invasión	invasión
estuvieran	estar
estupideces	estupidez
encaja	encajar
durará	durar
descanse	descansar
déjanos	dejar
camas	cama
cables	cable
bárbara	bárbaro
avanzando	avanzar
usualmente	usualmente
sagrada	sagrado
sable	sable
retírense	retirar
retirada	retirado retirar
psicópata	psicópata
preocupo	preocupar
plaga	plaga plagar
ohh	ohh
malvada	malvado
existir	existir
entendemos	entender
bendito	bendito bendecir
arregla	arreglar
supuestamente	supuestamente
residente	residente
rescatar	rescatar
pesada	pesado pesar
oímos	oír
locas	loco
llegarán	llegar
hermanito	hermanito hermano
hamburguesas	hamburguesa
firmado	firmado firmar
entrenar	entrenar
encendido	encendido encender
disfruten	disfrutar
deseaba	desear
conocías	conocer
cambiaron	cambiar
boxeo	boxeo boxear
autorizado	autorizado autorizar
armadura	armadura
sobrevivió	sobrevivir
preocupados	preocupado preocupar
ocasiones	ocasión
necesitarás	necesitar
mutante	mutante
músculos	músculo
mantienen	mantener
justa	justo
increíbles	increíble
incómodo	incómodo
harta	harto hartar
expedición	expedición
esfuerzos	esfuerzo
directa	directo
deberes	deber
contratado	contratado contratar
usé	usar
sentar	sentar
presentes	presente presentar
mierdas	mierda
merecen	merecer
llamaban	llamar
ejecución	ejecución
darás	dar
créame	creer
busquemos	buscar
afirmativo	afirmativo
admito	admitir
talla	talla tallar
rodeado	rodeado rodear
reparar	reparar
quitó	quitar
patada	patada
lea	leer
jugado	jugar
humilde	humilde
encantó	encantar
encantará	encantar
elefante	elefante
echaré	echar
demostración	demostración
creación	creación
compañia	compañia
camaradas	camarada
bebido	bebido beber
bata	bata batir
soga	soga
signos	signo
sentirte	sentir
póngase	poner
perderé	perder
pegar	pegar
ondas	onda
mapas	mapa
mantenerte	mantener
llenos	lleno
intentes	intentar
informar	informar
independiente	independiente
fuéramos	ir ser
encontrarnos	encontrar
distintas	distinto
conque	conque
conozcas	conocer
cometa	cometa cometer
acostado	acostado acostar
pentágono	pentágono
pensaría	pensar
galería	galería
duermo	dormir
decepcionado	decepcionado
blancas	blanco
bajó	bajar
ausencia	ausencia
asistencia	asistencia
usaste	usar
suma	suma sumar
ogro	ogro
griego	griego
caballería	caballería
bondad	bondad
bolsillos	bolsillo
avanzada	avanzado avanzar
ancestros	ancestro
alturas	altura
puño	puño
otoño	otoño
observar	observar
mande	mandar
ligera	ligero
iris	iris
horno	horno
grosero	grosero
elementos	elemento
debías	deber
culpo	culpar
comencemos	comenzar
bebo	beber
veloz	veloz
telefónica	telefónico
tatuaje	tatuaje
sácalo	sacar
resuelto	resuelto resolver
quedaría	quedar
pais	país
nocturno	nocturno
líquido	líquido
filas	fila
estes	estar
espías	espía
especialidad	especialidad
aves	ave
amables	amable
uniformes	uniforme
sentirlo	sentir
retrocede	retroceder
reconocer	reconocer
rebelde	rebelde
plena	pleno
pervertido	pervertido pervertir
obedecer	obedecer
mentido	mentido mentir
matara	matar
llamarla	llamar
jade	jade
entienda	entender
ego	ego
echó	echar
considero	considerar
cobardes	cobarde
césped	césped
capullo	capullo
baños	baño
supervivencia	supervivencia
soñado	soñado soñar
separados	separado separar
respirando	respirar
negras	negro
infantería	infantería
identificado	identificado identificar
honesta	honesto
hambriento	hambriento
escribo	escribir
despedirme	despedir
demos	dar
cortesía	cortesía
colonia	colonia
ayudes	ayudar
amiguito	amiguito amigo
alfa	alfa
temen	temer
suéltenme	soltar
sensacional	sensacional
sacarle	sacar
prostitutas	prostituta
pondrás	poner
literalmente	literalmente
licor	licor
juzgar	juzgar
equilibrio	equilibrio
envíen	enviar
entregado	entregado entregar
corazon	corazón
consulta	consulta consultar
boxeador	boxeador
bahía	bahía
usen	usar
taller	taller
rompiste	romper
quitaron	quitar
patatas	patata
operar	operar
mochila	mochila
interesada	interesado interesar
inspiración	inspiración
explicaré	explicar
estuviese	estar
enero	enero
cumple	cumplir
claudia	claudia Claudia
lógico	lógico
islas	isla
insignificante	insignificante
hermandad	hermandad
goma	goma
franco	franco Franco
duermes	dormir
chimenea	chimenea
trataron	tratar
tardará	tardar
sábanas	sábana
polo	polo
podia	poder
perspectiva	perspectiva
papás	papá
ministerio	ministerio
gesto	gesto gestar
fumando	fumar
disfrutando	disfrutar
debas	deber
culpar	culpar
atreve	atrever
arriesgar	arriesgar
arabia	Arabia arabio
vital	vital
túneles	túnel
transferencia	transferencia
suicidó	suicidar
sucios	sucio
seguida	en seguida seguido seguir
regresamos	regresar
recibirá	recibir
oculto	oculto ocultar
honorable	honorable
hmm	hmm
generaciones	generación
escolar	escolar
dámela	dar
controlado	controlado controlar
constantemente	constantemente
cheques	cheque
bromeo	bromear
australia	Australia
asegurarnos	asegurar
apetito	apetito
vivió	vivir
vías	vía
piden	pedir
órbita	órbita
manzanas	manzana
interesantes	interesante
herir	herir
exámenes	examen
enfadada	enfadado enfadar
cuadras	cuadra
cometí	cometer
colorado	colorado colorar
asia	Asia
término	término
síndrome	síndrome
refrigerador	refrigerador
ofrezco	ofrecer
mentiste	mentir
mecanismo	mecanismo
manejarlo	manejar
especialista	especialista
dejarlos	dejar
crucero	crucero
avísame	avisar
ardiendo	arder
saludar	saludar
papito	papito papá
oficio	oficio
metieron	meter
estadounidenses	estadounidense
divertirnos	divertir
cuentan	contar
toneladas	tonelada
tobillo	tobillo
técnico	técnico
saudita	Arabia Saudita
salvador	salvador
sabré	saber
presta	prestar
ordenar	ordenar
naciste	nacer
mostró	mostrar
moderna	moderno
mito	mito
juramento	juramento
garras	garra
consejero	consejero
confusión	confusión
aguarda	aguardar
vuestras	vuestro
ventas	venta
sirviente	sirviente
sierra	sierra
serios	serio
pónganse	poner
perderte	perder
juegan	jugar
indicado	indicado indicar
entrenado	entrenado entrenar
enteré	enterar
enhorabuena	enhorabuena
cuba	Cuba
cruce	cruce cruzar
crean	crear
contarme	contar
cancelar	cancelar
callar	callar
aceptarlo	aceptar
suite	suite
soñar	soñar
provisiones	provisión
preferido	preferido preferir
normas	norma
mientas	mentir
mandé	mandar
mandado	mandado mandar
llámeme	llamar
huella	huella
gilipollas	gilipollas
fingiendo	fingir
eterno	eterno
escopeta	escopeta
divertirse	divertir
distintos	distinto
desesperado	desesperado desesperar
bailarina	bailarina bailarín
alimentar	alimentar
adora	adorar
simpático	simpático
ridícula	ridículo
respetar	respetar
rabia	rabia rabiar
presentó	presentar
poderosos	poderoso
pito	pito pitar
perla	perla
pendiente	pendiente
maestros	maestro
humanas	humano
estare	estar
escuchame	escuchar
entere	enterar
bésame	besar
suicida	suicida
suelten	soltar
sobrina	sobrina
presentarte	presentar
padrino	padrino
fractura	fractura fracturar
explicarte	explicar
escuches	escuchar
envío	envío enviar
enterrar	enterrar
destrozado	destrozado destrozar
dejarle	dejar
condicional	condicional
cometió	cometer
avergonzado	avergonzado avergonzar
artículos	artículo
amenazas	amenaza amenazar
victima	víctima
val	val
símbolos	símbolo
saltó	saltar
repetir	repetir
pelos	pelo
organizado	organizado organizar
novato	novato
localizar	localizar
lindas	lindo
intentan	intentar
estara	estar
enamorados	enamorado enamorar
discutiendo	discutir
cajón	cajón
aliados	aliado aliar
águila	águila
sugiere	sugerir
sexto	sexto
retirarse	retirar
reciente	reciente
protector	protector
presos	preso
pidieron	pedir
mide	medir
materia	materia
hueón	hueón huevón
gentil	gentil
evidente	evidente
enlace	enlace
dorado	dorado dorar
discúlpenme	disculpar
dejare	dejar
conclusión	conclusión
competir	competir
auténtico	auténtico
anuncios	anuncio
afortunadamente	afortunadamente
siesta	siesta
sentidos	sentido sentir
principales	principal
mátame	matar
hallé	hallar
girar	girar
extraterrestre	extraterrestre
egipto	Egipto
canciller	canciller
valores	valor
recibiste	recibir
quítense	quitar
protocolo	protocolo
preocuparme	preocupar
pacto	pacto pactar
módulo	módulo
inteligentes	inteligente
imaginaba	imaginar
huracán	huracán
dejaba	dejar
canales	canal
buscaremos	buscar
botellas	botella
billones	billón
atraparlo	atrapar
arrestar	arrestar
acento	acento
accidentes	accidente
vientre	vientre
tomaría	tomar
timón	timón
tabla	tabla
sacando	sacar
pintar	pintar
particularmente	particularmente
palma	palma palmar
organizar	organizar
llevarán	llevar
llamaría	llamar
irlandés	irlandés
esperes	esperar
crecí	crecer
as	as
agarró	agarrar
voluntario	voluntario
vivirá	vivir
vigilar	vigilar
vestíbulo	vestíbulo
soltar	soltar
siguientes	siguiente
residentes	residente
leíste	leer
hacha	hacha
felicito	felicitar
enojar	enojar
ejercicios	ejercicio
drogado	drogado drogar
cagar	cagar
traducido	traducido traducir
suplico	suplicar
salario	salario
préstamo	préstamo
mensajero	mensajero
granjero	granjero
filosofía	filosofía
faltaba	faltar
explosivo	explosivo
diagnóstico	diagnóstico
cardíaco	cardíaco
bosques	bosque
acabé	acabar
tomate	tomate tomar
quitarle	quitar
magneto	magneto
lance	lance lanzar
huyó	huir
hilo	hilo
hablará	hablar
gemelos	gemelo
eligió	elegir
doler	doler
dificultades	dificultad
concentración	concentración
artistas	artista
aceptas	aceptar
acabando	acabar
torpe	torpe
sobrevivientes	sobreviviente
saldrás	salir
región	región
produce	producir
post	post
obsesionado	obsesionado obsesionar
descubre	descubrir
cerró	cerrar
cayeron	caer
casé	casar
automóvil	automóvil
atiende	atender
voló	volar
ruinas	ruina ruinar
orilla	orilla
mañanas	mañana
magnífica	magnífico
excitante	excitante
enseñarles	enseñar
comenzaron	comenzar
cerradas	cerrado
celosa	celoso
batallón	batallón
atrae	atraer
apresúrate	apresurar
rojos	rojo
ofender	ofender
novela	novela
nazis	nazi
muros	muro
limpias	limpio
espectacular	espectacular
empiecen	empezar
cortina	cortina
construido	construido construir
comerciales	comercial
chaval	chaval
cadenas	cadena
botones	botón
arrogante	arrogante
vendo	vender vendar
tuviéramos	tener
tocaba	tocar
situaciones	situación
semental	semental
responsables	responsable
reportes	reporte
muestran	mostrar
facultad	facultad
envidia	envidia envidiar
emocionado	emocionar
disposición	disposición
diremos	decir
dejarnos	dejar
deberiamos	deber
conquistar	conquistar
bonitos	bonito
averigua	averiguar
almohada	almohada
activo	activo activar
abuelita	abuelita abuela
vitales	vital
verse	ver
traicionado	traicionado traicionar
teresa	teresa Teresa
soñé	soñar
roba	robar
moderno	moderno
manta	manta
lidiar	lidiar
joda	joder
despejen	despejar
comunista	comunista
aprendiendo	aprender
tirando	tirar
suiza	Suiza suizo
pita	pita
pensaron	pensar
nudos	nudo
muestre	mostrar
molestado	molestado molestar
llora	llorar
hembra	hembra
eternamente	eternamente
duermas	dormir
disparan	disparar
creerá	creer
colgado	colgado colgar
arrestaron	arrestar
acusación	acusación
viajando	viajar
tremenda	tremendo
simples	simple
servirle	servir
planea	planear
negar	negar
necesitabas	necesitar
mordido	mordido morder
lecciones	lección
insectos	insecto
imaginado	imaginado imaginar
habríamos	haber
fallar	fallar
escudos	escudo
diviértete	divertir
crece	crecer
combatir	combatir
canto	canto cantar
bichos	bicho
atacando	atacar
apestoso	apestoso
visa	visa
times	timar
retirar	retirar
persigue	perseguir
ooh	ooh
leerlo	leer