marines	marine
mantendré	mantener
insignia	insignia
halló	hallar
filete	filete
esperad	esperar
enviaste	enviar
enseñando	enseñar
disfruto	disfrutar
determinar	determinar
desesperada	desesperado desesperar
delincuente	delincuente
cristianos	cristiano
calentamiento	calentamiento
agradecerte	agradecer
afectado	afectado afectar
ábrelo	abrir
sincera	sincero
quedando	quedar
pila	pila
peligrosas	peligroso
nasa	nasa NASA
mataran	matar
lamentablemente	lamentablemente
labor	labor
jinete	jinete
hipoteca	hipoteca
hacerles	hacer
femenina	femenino
elemento	elemento
deshacerse	deshacer
defensas	defensa
cuarentena	cuarentena
comete	cometer
casamos	casar
camarera	camarera
callarte	callar
baloncesto	baloncesto
acabaste	acabar
vendí	vender
tuvieran	tener
sonidos	sonido
sirves	servir
separación	separación
quítame	quitar
opuesto	opuesto oponer
norteamericano	norteamericano
llevarle	llevar
hospitalidad	hospitalidad
enteró	enterar
declaro	declarar
cifras	cifra
catorce	catorce
cambies	cambiar
ayudame	ayudar
aprendió	aprender
apagado	apagado apagar
alambre	alambre
terremoto	terremoto
separarnos	separar
secretas	secreto
quemaduras	quemadura
preparo	preparar
poeta	poeta
pagarás	pagar
olvidalo	olvidar
mudo	mudo mudar
magdalena	magdalena
letrero	letrero
esconderse	esconder
email	email
conseguirás	conseguir
terminada	terminado terminar
táctica	táctica
sonaba	sonar
shh	shh
sepamos	saber
quedaras	quedar
púdrete	pudrir
patán	patán
pareciera	parecer
nucleares	nuclear
moría	morir
mírala	mirar
miento	mentir
lesiones	lesión
leones	león
invertir	invertir
insulto	insulto insultar
grites	gritar
flotando	flotar
flechas	flecha
establecer	establecer
elevador	elevador
eléctrico	eléctrico
dueña	dueña dueño
determinado	determinado determinar
cuevas	cueva
cuadra	cuadra
cortando	cortar
cambiarlo	cambiar
aprovechar	aprovechar
anual	anual
anímate	animar
ando	andar
suspendido	suspendido suspender
sentirá	sentir
perras	perra
melodía	melodía
mandan	mandar
linaje	linaje
levántese	levantar
interruptor	interruptor
decidieron	decidir
conversaciones	conversación
contrabando	contrabando contrabandar
cachorro	cachorro
bañera	bañera
asustar	asustar
aceptó	aceptar
abren	abrir
vinos	vino
vasos	vaso
sueltes	soltar
profecía	profecía
molestarte	molestar
metiendo	meter
llueve	llover
invitada	invitado invitar
inocencia	inocencia
helicópteros	helicóptero
guarde	guardar
grandiosa	grandioso
físicamente	físicamente
esperándote	esperar
enrique	enrique Enrique
elegiste	elegir
diente	diente
desarrollar	desarrollar
construyendo	construir
conocieron	conocer
chicle	chicle
atlántico	atlántico
acondicionado	acondicionado
acercarme	acercar
abrí	abrir
tirador	tirador
ruina	ruina
respeta	respetar
recordaba	recordar
polis	polis
perseguir	perseguir
pégale	pegar
novedad	novedad
muévase	mover
muerde	morder
moscas	mosca
memorias	memoria
langosta	langosta
japonesa	japonés
insiste	insistir
hablaron	hablar
generales	general
freno	freno frenar
existía	existir
examinar	examinar
euros	Euro
etapa	etapa
detención	detención
cuervos	cuervo
convertirá	convertir
congresista	congresista
asusté	asustar
subtitulos	subtítulo
sonó	sonar
separamos	separar
reflejo	reflejo reflejar
navidades	navidad
moverte	mover
levantó	levantar
italiana	italiano
integridad	integridad
informa	informar
hanzo	hanzo
hábil	hábil
fabulosa	fabuloso
demas	demás
cofre	cofre
causando	causar
cancha	cancha
bruto	bruto
brindemos	brindar
ayudarás	ayudar
abandonada	abandonado abandonar
vito	vito
vestir	vestir
usaron	usar
torpedos	torpedo
sonda	sonda sondar
relajarte	relajar
reactor	reactor
pobreza	pobreza
ocupar	ocupar
moverme	mover
localizado	localizado localizar
llévala	llevar
insoportable	insoportable
insecto	insecto
explota	explotar
escondida	escondido esconder
engañó	engañar
encontrara	encontrar
dinamita	dinamita
desaparición	desaparición
depto	departamento
debíamos	deber
creed	creer
corra	correr
compramos	comprar
cercana	cercano
barro	barro barrer
arreglaremos	arreglar
valentía	valentía
tratos	trato
salmón	salmón
quitas	quitar
perdonen	perdonar
nerviosos	nervioso
necesariamente	necesariamente
mercedes	merced
mejora	mejorar
maravillas	maravilla
levantarme	levantar
intentaron	intentar
intelectual	intelectual
ingenioso	ingenioso
hirieron	herir
hablabas	hablar
frito	frito freír
escapaste	escapar
desactivar	desactivar
concierne	concernir
cómodos	cómodo
calcetines	calcetín
agradecimiento	agradecimiento
abriendo	abrir
tubos	tubo
tristes	triste
texto	texto
ritual	ritual
reservado	reservado reservar
proyectos	proyecto
perpetua	perpetuo
observador	observador
nadando	nadar
moviéndose	mover
mátala	matar
mantuvo	mantener
latín	latín
irlandeses	irlandés
inaceptable	inaceptable
golfo	golfo
exitosa	exitoso
escucharte	escuchar
elle	elle
desnudos	desnudo desnudar
descansen	descansar
descansando	descansar
costar	costar
conociera	conocer
comunicarse	comunicar
coja	cojo coger
chao	chao
borrachos	borracho
apocalipsis	apocalipsis
adrenalina	adrenalina
acompañarme	acompañar
vídeo	vídeo
timbre	timbre
roban	robar
provecho	provecho
panqueques	panqueque
obligación	obligación
helion	helión
guardado	guardado guardar
gemelas	gemelo
fundación	fundación
ficción	ficción
fantasías	fantasía
edición	edición
cavar	cavar
carguen	cargar
avion	avión
auténtica	auténtico
voladora	volador
trineo	trineo
sirvienta	sirvienta
siguieron	seguir
quitaré	quitar
promete	prometer
primaria	primario
previsto	previsto
pasajero	pasajero
paranoia	paranoia
paramos	parar
opus	opus
monjes	monje
molino	molino
llévenlo	llevar
liberado	liberado liberar
juntar	juntar
inventar	inventar
interferencia	interferencia
institución	institución
infectado	infectado infectar
habra	haber
gym	gym
ganará	ganar
encargaremos	encargar
cortos	corto
cooperar	cooperar
comiste	comer
cogí	coger
calvo	calvo
básico	básico
arteria	arteria
ali	ali Ali
alboroto	alboroto
adoran	adorar
tango	tango
tablero	tablero
sospecho	sospechar
sobreviviente	sobreviviente
renuncia	renuncia renunciar
reciba	recibir
practicando	practicar
permanezcan	permanecer
pensará	pensar
ofrecerle	ofrecer
mini	mini
mejorado	mejorado mejorar
marciales	marcial
manden	mandar
larguémonos	largar
fijo	fijo fijar
explicarle	explicar
evaluación	evaluación
escogí	escoger
elfos	elfo
demente	demente
corté	cortar
consiguen	conseguir
confirmación	confirmación
completar	completar
categoría	categoría
ayudé	ayudar
atraer	atraer
zapatillas	zapatilla
violar	violar
sonreír	sonreír
pretende	pretender
ordinario	ordinario
olvídelo	olvidar
nuca	nuca
nietos	nieto
metan	meter
levantes	levante
favores	favor
factor	factor
empezaremos	empezar
detengas	detener
deseando	desear
cuernos	cuerno
criada	criada criar
consentimiento	consentimiento
comunistas	comunista
cartuchos	cartucho
cangrejo	cangrejo
bonos	bono
apreciar	apreciar
agárralo	agarrar
vapor	vapor
trataste	tratar
tejado	tejado
semestre	semestre
riqueza	riqueza
recibes	recibir
millonario	millonario
mecánica	mecánica
leyendas	leyenda
jr	jr
halla	hallar
estimado	estimado estimar
entiendas	entender
eché	echar
dirijo	dirigir
destruirá	destruir
deberán	deber
cooperación	cooperación
conclusiones	conclusión
comunes	común
brilla	brillar
basada	basado basar
bandido	bandido
astronauta	astronauta
aprisa	aprisa
aislado	aislado
tribus	tribu
tela	tela
reportero	reportero
químico	químico
persiguen	perseguir
perfección	perfección
palanca	palanca
marrón	marrón
madrugada	madrugada
hicieran	hacer
guante	guante
firmó	firmar
envían	enviar
dañar	dañar
creerás	creer
convertirme	convertir
confiable	confiable
comics	comics
carmen	carmen Carmen
apretado	apretado
agarre	agarre agarrar
vulnerable	vulnerable
vieras	ver
terminan	terminar
tenso	tenso
telegrama	telegrama
sepárense	separar
relojes	reloj
referencia	referencia
quemó	quemar
periodo	periodo
nevada	nevada
matón	matón
matanza	matanza
mantenido	mantenido mantener
mantenerse	mantener
inmortal	inmortal
hermanita	hermanita hermana
frenos	freno
disparas	disparar
despreciable	despreciable
dejeme	dejar
cosita	cosita cosa
conejos	conejo
carnicero	carnicero
bodega	bodega
aires	aire
ringo	ringar
reportar	reportar
reflejos	reflejo
propina	propina
prácticas	práctica
peleado	peleado pelear
peinado	peinado peinar
oscuros	oscuro
olvidamos	olvidar
negativa	negativo
materiales	material
martini	martini
mantenerme	mantener
lesión	lesión
invencible	invencible
hubieses	haber
gratitud	gratitud
film	film
explorador	explorador
esconderte	esconder
enviando	enviar
discutirlo	discutir
desaparecida	desaparecida
cuna	cuna
cosquillas	cosquillas
comedia	comedia
baterías	batería
avisado	avisado avisar
asistir	asistir
apropiada	apropiado
afortunados	afortunado
acercarse	acercar
acelera	acelerar
suene	sonar
similares	similar
respetable	respetable
planear	planear
pajarito	pajarito
inspección	inspección
habiendo	haber
experimentar	experimentar
escolta	escolta escoltar
domingos	domingo
desesperación	desesperación
deseamos	desear
dejalo	dejar
cuestan	costar
coro	coro
convincente	convincente
conectados	conectado conectar
castigado	castigado castigar
cambiarme	cambiar
ayudan	ayudar
atardecer	atardecer
aparecido	aparecido aparecer
ambición	ambición
agarro	agarrar
sobredosis	sobredosis
rápidos	rápido
probabilidad	probabilidad
perdidas	perdido
panza	panza
necesitábamos	necesitar
naval	naval
levantarte	levantar
leña	leña
inesperado	inesperado
fichas	ficha fichar
favoritos	favorito
explorar	explorar
espaciales	espacial
entregue	entregar
dominio	dominio
demostrado	demostrado demostrar
costumbres	costumbre
charlar	charlar
certificado	certificado certificar
cayo	caer
anteriores	anterior
alemana	alemán
activa	activo activar
aceptan	aceptar
turnos	turno
traidores	traidor
terrestre	terrestre
sirena	sirena
sauditas	saudita
revólver	revólver
refresco	refresco refrescar
precisión	precisión
permanezca	permanecer
pérdidas	pérdida
perderlo	perder
monasterio	monasterio
mocoso	mocoso
marineros	marinero
limón	limón
lanzó	lanzar
inmenso	inmenso
golpeando	golpear
escogido	escogido escoger
deshacerme	deshacer
descenso	descenso
debiera	deber
dándole	dar
cubo	cubo
continúen	continuar
comarca	comarca
caviar	caviar
bloqueado	bloqueado bloquear
acompaña	acompañar
vístete	vestir
teorías	teoría
salvará	salvar
sacan	sacar
rio	río reír Rio
rifles	rifle
relajate	relajar
rasguño	rasguño
quebrado	quebrado quebrar
producir	producir
presiona	presionar
peludo	peludo
patricia	Patricia patricio
operadora	operadora
obligó	obligar
mostaza	mostaza
mencionado	mencionado mencionar
martín	martín Martín
exige	exigir
entretenimiento	entretenimiento
entregó	entregar
elfo	elfo
desarrollado	desarrollado desarrollar
cenicienta	cenicienta
babor	babor
ares	arar
anunciar	anunciar
admite	admitir
triple	triple
técnicas	técnica
sobrevivido	sobrevivido sobrevivir
rotos	roto
respóndeme	responder
resfriado	resfriado
rana	rana
preguntaron	preguntar
periodistas	periodista
pedo	pedo
pasto	pasto pastar
pamela	pamela Pamela
madura	maduro
lárguense	largar
kelvin	kelvin
judía	judío
jodidamente	jodidamente
instalación	instalación
hazle	hacer
haras	hacer
hacéis	hacer
fumas	fumar
farmacia	farmacia
eliminado	eliminado eliminar
dígales	decir
define	definir
cerebros	cerebro
celdas	celda
cargada	cargado
agradecida	agradecido agradecer
acaben	acabar
tripas	tripa
tradicional	tradicional
sandwich	sandwich sándwich
romana	romano
regresan	regresar
recorrer	recorrer
preocupaba	preocupar
movernos	mover
latas	lata
habitacion	habitación
génesis	génesis
estúpidas	estúpido
escogiste	escoger
escocés	escocés
encendida	encendido
despido	despido despedir
delgado	delgado
cortaré	cortar
convenció	convencer
carnada	carnada
cargas	carga cargar
brutal	brutal
atrasado	atrasado atrasar
atrapen	atrapar
acoso	acoso acosar
aah	aah
tropa	tropa
sopla	soplar
sangrar	sangrar
presentarme	presentar
pavos	pavo
oren	orar
niñez	niñez
necesitaría	necesitar
mantengo	mantener
leve	leve
lancha	lancha
inversiones	inversión
intenso	intenso
existido	existido existir
enseñaste	enseñar
elegí	elegir
duende	duende
dormía	dormir
díganme	decir
desesperados	desesperado
cúbranse	cubrir
cicatrices	cicatriz
cambiamos	cambiar
bailarín	bailarín
acordamos	acordar
acera	acera
viviré	vivir
víbora	víbora
saques	sacar
saldría	salir
pésimo	pésimo
patética	patético
pagarán	pagar
ojala	ojalá
naturales	natural
mirarme	mirar
mg	mg miligramo
máscaras	máscara
logre	lograr
laberinto	laberinto
halcón	halcón
frutas	fruta
fórmula	fórmula
esfera	esfera
entusiasmo	entusiasmo
enseñan	enseñar
encontrarse	encontrar
encargarme	encargar
desconocida	desconocido
descifrar	descifrar
deliciosa	delicioso
dejaran	dejar
daban	dar
conocimientos	conocimiento
comenzará	comenzar
asustados	asustado
acabaré	acabar
abrirla	abrir
abrirá	abrir
vulgar	vulgar
viena	Viena
valiosa	valioso
úitima	último
tenés	tener
quité	quitar
queriendo	querer
protegerme	proteger
pornografía	pornografía
parecían	parecer
originales	original
obedece	obedecer
jode	joder
inscripción	inscripción
enteras	entero enterar
encontrarle	encontrar
desear	desear
descuento	descuento descontar
dense	dar
déjenos	dejar
darías	dar
creerán	creer
crecimiento	crecimiento
continuación	continuación
conocerlos	conocer
coalición	coalición
cigarros	cigarro
causas	causa causar
cargador	cargador
calorías	caloría
arqueros	arquero
victimas	víctima
tormentas	tormenta
tiraste	tirar
soporte	soporte soportar
retroceder	retroceder
regan	regan
pudiese	poder
prepararé	preparar
precios	precio
músico	músico
matarás	matar
luchado	luchado luchar
implica	implicar
hombrecito	hombrecito hombre
hábitos	hábito
gorra	gorra
gorila	gorila
galáctica	galáctico
corteza	corteza
contéstame	contestar
comprometido	comprometido
cálculo	cálculo
aseguraré	asegurar
ansiedad	ansiedad
amenazó	amenazar
activar	activar
abriré	abrir
ábrela	abrir
une	unir
tomarse	tomar
mudó	mudar
levanto	levantar
laboratorios	laboratorio
financiero	financiero
encubierto	encubierto encubrir
crió	criar
creador	creador
coloca	colocar
brindo	brindar
apoyar	apoyar
ahorros	ahorro
abres	abrir
votar	votar
verónica	verónica Verónica
velo	velo velar
unirte	unir
revisado	revisado revisar
queramos	querer
podriamos	poder
pagaría	pagar
ignorar	ignorar
gimnasia	gimnasia
fronteras	frontera
etiqueta	etiqueta etiquetar
enojes	enojar
enemigas	enemiga
definición	definición
declarado	declarado declarar
curado	curado curar
cerebrales	cerebral
ballet	ballet
atrapé	atrapar
americanas	americano
actúas	actuar
aconsejo	aconsejar
terminaré	terminar
subimos	subir
subes	subir
revise	revisar
quiza	quizá
químicos	químico
querias	querer
protegerla	proteger
plana	plano
paranoico	paranoico
ofrecen	ofrecer
nueces	nuez
montones	montón
llevarlos	llevar
llegaría	llegar
inventado	inventado inventar
haberlos	haber
explotó	explotar
esclava	esclava
duró	durar
desperdiciar	desperdiciar
delicada	delicado
cualidades	cualidad
costas	costa
contestó	contestar
conecta	conectar
colgando	colgar
coartada	coartada
celebrando	celebrar
atentos	atento
atascado	atascar
anfitrión	anfitrión
admirador	admirador
acérquense	acercar
abeja	abeja
unir	unir
suprema	supremo
sillas	silla
sacrificar	sacrificar
retorno	retorno retornar
represento	representar
pelean	pelear
pedirme	pedir
mirarte	mirar
lazo	lazo
ideales	ideal
habias	haber
guarida	guarida
esposos	esposo
esperaban	esperar
escondidos	escondido esconder
dinosaurio	dinosaurio
conseguirte	conseguir
conocernos	conocer
conocerle	conocer
carteles	cartel
atento	atento
arañas	araña arañar
alucinaciones	alucinación
zonas	zona
viajado	viajado viajar
realista	realista
rama	rama
quiten	quitar
paras	parar paro
pagaron	pagar
mismísimo	mismísimo
míreme	mirar
marcho	marchar
inventé	inventar
interesados	interesado interesar
intentaremos	intentar
ilegales	ilegal
grandote	grandote grande
gotas	gota
fino	fino
estanque	estanque
estaca	estaca estacar
esgrima	esgrima
escuchad	escuchar
envuelto	envuelto envolver
doscientos	doscientos
disfraces	disfraz
delgada	delgado
decia	decir
cuñado	cuñado
cumplí	cumplir
cuidadosamente	cuidadosamente
consiguieron	conseguir
cepillo	cepillo cepillar
celebración	celebración
botín	botín
arrancar	arrancar
alimenta	alimentar
ajá	ajá
ahorrar	ahorrar
africa	áfrico África
vudú	vudú
tuviese	tener
salte	saltar
rehabilitación	rehabilitación
rechazado	rechazado rechazar
pasarme	pasar
ordene	ordenar
mátenlo	mantener
llegaba	llegar
horizonte	horizonte
hacerlos	hacer
formen	formar
excepcional	excepcional
entierro	entierro enterrar
energia	energía
enanos	enano
eliges	elegir
disculpo	disculpar
digitales	digital
dicha	dicha dicho decir
desaparecerá	desaparecer
desafortunado	desafortunado
delantera	delantero
daga	daga
creeme	creer
contestes	contestar
atravesó	atravesar
atrapamos	atrapar
asustas	asustar
artificiales	artificial
arreglamos	arreglar
arca	arca
apurate	apurar
amabas	amar
acusados	acusado acusar
abuelos	abuelo
vagina	vagina
solicito	solicitar
rezando	rezar
repita	repetir
reducir	reducir
querés	querer
planeo	planear
perfectas	perfecto
neutral	neutral
na	na
mueves	mover
legales	legal
lavandería	lavandería
jeep	jeep
helada	helada
futbol	futbol
fijado	fijado fijar
feroz	feroz
debían	deber
creían	creer
cordero	cordero
consulado	consulado
círculos	círculo
caíste	caer
áreas	área
virtud	virtud
únicas	único
técnicos	técnico
silencioso	silencioso
sencillamente	sencillamente
selección	selección
sabés	saber
reportera	reportera
reliquia	reliquia
pertenezco	pertenecer
penas	pena
paisaje	paisaje
ocupación	ocupación
notar	notar
migajas	migajas migaja
marcado	marcado marcar
mantenemos	mantener
interrogatorio	interrogatorio
internado	internado
hubiesen	haber
honestos	honesto
holanda	holanda
helados	helado
gramos	gramo
frio	frío freír
estate	estar
encargará	encargar
electrónico	electrónico
disculpan	disculpar
defecto	defecto
dedicas	dedicar
curva	curva curvar
cría	cría criar
convierta	convertir
comprometida	comprometida
ballenas	ballena
amigable	amigable