ejercicio	ejercicio
pasaporte	pasaporte
extraños	extraño
ciento	ciento
afortunado	afortunado
sacó	sacar
irán	ir
sacerdote	sacerdote
pedirle	pedir
impuestos	impuesto imponer
crisis	crisis
aventura	aventura
puestos	puesto poner
pánico	pánico
llames	llamar
ladrones	ladrón
enseñó	enseñar
logramos	lograr
estuvieron	estar
últimas	último
página	página
metro	metro
alla	allá
pudieron	poder
mostrar	mostrar
escribe	escribir
ventaja	ventaja
enamorada	enamorado enamorar
gorda	gordo
vendrán	venir
paren	parar
piedras	piedra
pesado	pesado pesar
despertar	despertar
pierdes	perder
jesucristo	Jesucristo
damos	dar
treinta	treinta
recuerde	recordar
capacidad	capacidad
soportar	soportar
senado	senado
decidió	decidir
prepárense	preparar
asusta	asustar
aquello	aquello
aguantar	aguantar
aprendí	aprender
tenéis	tener
parezca	parecer
alegría	alegría
territorio	territorio
física	física físico
escape	escape escapar
tomes	tomar
excusa	excusa excusar
estudios	estudio
septiembre	septiembre
personaje	personaje
fábrica	fábrica
elegido	elegido elegir
cole	cole colegio
tanque	tanque
salta	saltar
hablaste	hablar
conferencia	conferencia
compromiso	compromiso
ayudaré	ayudar
salieron	salir
rusos	ruso
parezco	parecer
llevando	llevar
exterior	exterior
punta	punta
ponerse	poner
pasen	pasar
puerto	puerto
decírtelo	decir
caro	caro
asombroso	asombroso
pasara	pasar
matarán	matar
maleta	maleta
competencia	competencia
canciones	canción
cinturón	cinturón
papas	papa
marco	marco marcar
destrucción	destrucción
paraíso	paraíso
meta	meta meter
alternativa	alternativa alternativo
socios	socio
alas	ala
ocasión	ocasión
casarme	casar
salsa	salsa
romano	romano
prisioneros	prisionero
encantan	encantar
encantadora	encantador
comercial	comercial
primavera	primavera
metió	meter
volvemos	volver
mandar	mandar
luce	lucir
sagrado	sagrado
nacido	nacido nacer
fabuloso	fabuloso
echo	echar
desaparecer	desaparecer
potencia	potencia
adn	ADN
traiga	traer
permítame	permitir
mayores	mayor
regalos	regalo
pusiste	poner
peligrosa	peligroso
militares	militar
jodida	joder jodido
coincidencia	coincidencia
bandera	bandera
adivinar	adivinar
tubo	tubo
partida	partida partido partir
opciones	opción
llamaron	llamar
hombro	hombro
vampiros	vampiro
sabían	saber
recibió	recibir
jugadores	jugador
celebrar	celebrar
armario	armario
tetas	teta
paliza	paliza
sabor	sabor
míralo	mirar
lata	lata
héroes	héroe
serpiente	serpiente
escribí	escribir
comité	comité
bendiga	bendecir
terminé	terminar
oyó	oír
imaginación	imaginación
funcionó	funcionar
bello	bello
hígado	hígado
cierre	cierre cerrar
cabina	cabina
queríamos	querer
pasas	pasar pasa
mantente	mantener
japón	Japón
deseos	deseo
cuéntame	contar
rastro	rastro
compró	comprar
anterior	anterior
acero	acero
desnudo	desnudo desnudar
comisario	comisario
refuerzos	refuerzo
preparar	preparar
perdidos	perdido perder
pagaré	pagar
huevo	huevo
entrando	entrar
armada	armada armado armar
trate	tratar
supo	saber
bromeas	bromear
verdaderamente	verdaderamente
miro	mirar
límite	límite
esperemos	esperar
sacado	sacado sacar
diamante	diamante
secuestro	secuestro secuestrar
casco	casco cascar
ayudó	ayudar
nene	nene
marcas	marca marcar
pudieras	poder
poca	poco
jugo	jugo
heridos	herido herir
congreso	congreso
cementerio	cementerio
prostituta	prostituta
desaparece	desaparecer
consecuencias	consecuencia
terreno	terreno
salvado	salvado salvar
mueren	morir
igualmente	igualmente
ganamos	ganar
circunstancias	circunstancia
trabajamos	trabajar
amén	amén
funcionando	funcionar
personalidad	personalidad
muro	muro
contestar	contestar
razon	razón
peores	peor
particular	particular
llévame	llevar
gimnasio	gimnasio
emocionante	emocionante
desgracia	desgracia
científico	científico
buscado	buscar
terapia	terapia
prepara	preparar
patrulla	patrulla
globo	globo
despejado	despejado despejar
creado	creado crear
aprendido	aprender
nací	nacer
embajador	embajador
barcos	barco
posiblemente	posiblemente
malvado	malvado
dormitorio	dormitorio
despacho	despacho despachar
desagradable	desagradable
viniendo	venir
recibo	recibo recibir
nuclear	nuclear
mensajes	mensaje
mantengan	mantener
ultimo	último
autoridades	autoridad
quedes	quedar
pasaron	pasar
gano	ganar
ayudo	ayudar
aprecio	aprecio apreciar
sentimiento	sentimiento
popular	popular
extrañas	extrañar
detenerlo	detener
civiles	civil
tontería	tontería
reyes	rey
americana	americano
vuelven	volver
ventanas	ventana
tiburón	tiburón
peleas	pelea pelear
organización	organización
ayudarla	ayudar
tuvieras	tener
querrás	querer
querrá	querer
infección	infección
decente	decente
logrado	logrado lograr
jersey	jersey
amar	amar
equipos	equipo
canta	cantar
bebés	bebé
pozo	pozo
india	india indio India
esperado	esperar esperado
enseñar	enseñar
darnos	dar
tomaste	tomar
internet	internet
habilidades	habilidad
encanto	encanto encantar
dispararon	disparar
comprendes	comprender
áfrica	África
adorable	adorable
rica	rico
llegaremos	llegar
reales	real
mismas	mismo
medios	medio
marihuana	marihuana
traidor	traidor
funcione	funcionar
clínica	clínica clínico
preferiría	preferir
podían	poder
olvidó	olvidar
entramos	entrar
ejercito	ejercitar ejército
división	división
sector	sector
perdedor	perdedor
patrón	patrón
encontrará	encontrar
crema	crema
planeado	planeado planear
mantenga	mantener
juguete	juguete
técnica	técnica
nacimiento	nacimiento
esperaré	esperar
termino	terminar
matas	matar
entrado	entrar
destruido	destruido destruir
daremos	dar
circo	circo
ascensor	ascensor
aca	acá
investigar	investigar
encuentren	encontrar
archivo	archivo
salve	salvar
presentar	presentar
logro	logro lograr
intentas	intentar
encargaré	encargar
armado	armado armar
apuestas	apuesta apostar
arrestado	arrestado arrestar
unión	unión
permanecer	permanecer
muéstrame	mostrar
móvil	móvil
dificil	difícil
casados	casado casar
cañón	cañón
tribunal	tribunal
sepan	saber
satélite	satélite
recuerden	recordar
intentaré	intentar
falsa	falsa falso
coca	coca
símbolo	símbolo
rocas	roca
putas	puta
pendejo	pendejo
mátalo	matar
judío	judío
estando	estar
subtítulos	subtítulo
gritando	gritar
dejemos	dejar
científicos	científico
bebiendo	beber
saque	sacar
metal	metal
despedida	despedida despedido despedir
golf	golf
empiece	empezar
defender	defender
crecer	crecer
rota	roto
sentimos	sentir
guerreros	guerrero
echa	echar
comunicación	comunicación
probado	probar
pensarlo	pensar
háblame	hablar
detenido	detenido detener
sabría	saber
muertes	muerte
movimientos	movimiento
prohibido	prohibido prohibir
pájaros	pájaro
cargar	cargar
podíamos	poder
junior	junior
imágenes	imagen
haberse	haber
acusado	acusado acusar
peleando	pelear
lealtad	lealtad
considera	considerar
cazador	cazador
buscarlo	buscar
apaga	apagar
objeto	objeto
sofá	sofá
personales	personal
homicidio	homicidio
electricidad	electricidad
advertencia	advertencia
rumores	rumor
mentir	mentir
fíjate	fijar
deuda	deuda
celoso	celoso
bicicleta	bicicleta
azules	azul
visitas	visita visitar
mejorar	mejorar
escudo	escudo
cueva	cueva
aérea	aéreo
levantar	levantar
juguetes	juguete
ciertamente	ciertamente
bajen	bajar
temas	tema
pedirte	pedir
elegante	elegante
divorcio	divorcio
depósito	depósito
concierto	concierto
calla	callar
transmisión	transmisión
mataría	matar
flor	flor
viejas	viejo
trabajan	trabajar
onda	onda
saldremos	salir
preguntado	preguntar
aliento	aliento
academia	academia
sonar	sonar
recibe	recibir
patio	patio
función	función
conduce	conducir
pregúntale	preguntar
palo	palo
internacional	internacional
hueso	hueso
esclavos	esclavo
versión	versión
sacrificio	sacrificio
judíos	judío
increible	increíble
fotografía	fotografía
delicioso	delicioso
crímenes	crimen
zorra	zorra
valle	valle
llevaremos	llevar
lentamente	lentamente
encantada	encantado encantar
arreglo	arreglo
volvería	volver
logró	lograr
romántico	romántico
preocuparte	preocupar
olvido	olvido olvidar
fascinante	fascinante
cuadro	cuadro
creyó	creer
adultos	adulto
wow	wow
sobrino	sobrino
secuencia	secuencia
lleven	llevar
huh	huh
entradas	entrada entrar
decirnos	decir
resistencia	resistencia
llamarlo	llamar
ayudas	ayuda ayudar
esperanzas	esperanza
disponible	disponible
civil	civil
caos	caos
velas	vela
tenerlo	tener
ponerle	poner
muestras	muestra mostrar
lógica	lógica
casualidad	casualidad
sigamos	seguir
rayo	rayo
pato	pato
pagado	pagar pagado
máscara	máscara
gustado	gustar
buscarte	buscar
selva	selva
pm	pm
equivoqué	equivocar
condenado	condenado condenar
cometido	cometer cometido
tratan	tratar
pudimos	poder
preguntando	preguntar
tragedia	tragedia
poli	poli policía
compañías	compañía
charla	charla charlar
mete	meter
malditas	maldito
campos	campo
cadáveres	cadáver
básicamente	básicamente
vamonos	ir
trucos	truco
preparada	preparado preparar
funcionará	funcionar
conté	contar
contando	contar
construcción	construcción
ciudadanos	ciudadano
agarrar	agarrar
infeliz	infeliz
francesa	francés
explica	explicar
decide	decidir
vende	vender
rutina	rutina
gustar	gustar
empieces	empezar
caída	caída caído caer
almorzar	almorzar
actividad	actividad
inocentes	inocente
fondos	fondo
coraje	coraje
ayudando	ayudar
aterrizar	aterrizar
actuación	actuación
suba	subir
ayudante	ayudante
vuela	volar
vaca	vaca
cirujano	cirujano
tio	tío
olvídate	olvidar
okay	okay
entregar	entregar
encerrado	encerrado encerrar
rubia	rubio
joyas	joya
empecemos	empezar
amado	amado amar
terminamos	terminar
romanos	romano
piedad	piedad
llamarte	llamar
hacían	hacer
furia	furia
detalle	detalle
admitir	admitir
tendrías	tener
respiración	respiración
prepárate	preparar
escribiendo	escribir
confundido	confundido confundir
vigilando	vigilar
sufrimiento	sufrimiento
saludos	saludo
robaste	robar
golpear	golpear
garaje	garaje
buscaré	buscar
revolución	revolución
motel	motel
buscaba	buscar
alianza	alianza
estupidez	estupidez
disparado	disparado disparar
sangrando	sangrar
quietos	quieto
miserable	miserable
ideal	ideal
empiezo	empezar
controla	controlar
prometiste	prometer
heroína	heroína
empezado	empezar
dámelo	dar
vecindario	vecindario
empleado	empleado emplear
conociste	conocer
colores	color
cerebral	cerebral
plástico	plástico
piano	piano
pensamiento	pensamiento
letra	letra
empleados	empleado emplear
dosis	dosis
dólar	dólar
agrada	agradar
tocado	tocar
tíos	tío
super	súper
rifle	rifle
renunciar	renunciar
incluyendo	incluir
hoyo	hoyo
español	español
acepta	aceptar
rueda	rueda
municiones	munición
ciudades	ciudad
béisbol	béisbol
regresado	regresado regresar
pediste	pedir
ja	ja
sesión	sesión
comprender	comprender
tocando	tocar
montar	montar
familiares	familiar
espía	espía espiar
efectos	efecto
salto	salto saltar
pagó	pagar
impacto	impacto
emoción	emoción
disparos	disparo
comando	comando
autorización	autorización
informes	informe informar
honestamente	honestamente
existencia	existencia
demasiada	demasiado
coches	coche
clara	claro clara
alcanzar	alcanzar
volviste	volver
octubre	octubre
conseguimos	conseguir
barato	barato
apostar	apostar
requiere	requerir
importan	importar
grano	grano
demasiados	demasiado
casarte	casar
tráeme	traer
progreso	progreso progresar
odias	odiar
ocurrir	ocurrir
hacías	hacer
serías	ser
secretario	secretario
rusia	Rusia rusia
piénsalo	pensar
gatito	gatito gato
déme	dar
colección	colección
vais	ir
sufrido	sufrido sufrir
ningun	ningún
helena	heleno Helena
terror	terror
salva	salvar salvo salva
salgas	salir
sacarte	sacar
lanza	lanza lanzar
usó	usar
quince	quince
prometido	prometido prometer
preciso	preciso
pirata	pirata
moral	moral
moneda	moneda
haberle	haber
estuvieras	estar
dijimos	decir
cayendo	caer
bajas	bajo baja
viniera	venir
soñando	soñar
servirá	servir
moscú	Moscú
mínimo	mínimo
hermosas	hermoso
escondido	escondido esconder
demostrar	demostrar
perrito	perrito perro
intente	intentar
habrán	haber
experimento	experimento
espaldas	espalda
diseño	diseño diseñar
barra	barra barrer
anciano	anciano
alfombra	alfombra alfombrar
actriz	actriz
tono	tono
sentarse	sentar
remedio	remedio
listas	lista listo
gris	gris
enviaron	enviar
entendiste	entender
disfrutar	disfrutar
contaré	contar
comen	comer
sentada	sentado sentar
pregunte	preguntar
japonés	japonés
gritos	grito
dolares	dólar
asegurarme	asegurar
restos	resto
pierdo	perder
motivos	motivo
dimos	decir
campeonato	campeonato
apúrense	apurar
unico	único
reír	reír
prima	prima
maricón	maricón
actúa	actuar
periodista	periodista
luchando	luchar
estelar	estelar
escritor	escritor
encontrarás	encontrar
dejando	dejar
adecuado	adecuado
terrorista	terrorista
hierro	hierro
enterrado	enterrado enterrar
sincero	sincero
representa	representar
positivo	positivo
mereces	merecer
italia	Italia
fea	feo
acerques	acercar
petróleo	petróleo
encargado	encargado encargar
capítulo	capítulo
enseñaré	enseñar
cuentos	cuento
breve	breve
atreves	atrever
súbete	subir
sed	sed
patético	patético
mostrarte	mostrar
doctores	doctor
carácter	carácter
tuyos	tuyo
plaza	plaza
obispo	obispo
necesite	necesitar
muevan	mover
involucrado	involucrado involucrar
darán	dar
ingleses	inglés
usas	usar
ruedas	rueda
prácticamente	prácticamente
orejas	oreja
golpeó	golpear
costado	costado costar
conducta	conducta
toman	tomar
suban	subir
médica	médica médico
manzana	manzana
escuadrón	escuadrón
reconozco	reconocer
ordenes	orden
gallina	gallina
cambiando	cambiar
borde	borde
ataques	ataque
actual	actual
pecados	pecado
invito	invitar
inconsciente	inconsciente
bastardos	bastardo
abrió	abrir
oyeron	oír
intentaba	intentar
cuartel	cuartel
consciente	consciente
tranquilízate	tranquilizar
suyos	suyo
residencia	residencia
máxima	máximo
llevarla	llevar
grasa	grasa
células	célula
retrocedan	retroceder
recepción	recepción
medicinas	medicina
explotar	explotar
corona	corona
callate	callar
calidad	calidad
ayúdeme	ayudar
asesina	asesina asesino asesinar
absurdo	absurdo
revés	revés
producto	producto
encontrarla	encontrar
dj	DJ
descansa	descansar
copias	copia
apagar	apagar
profesionales	profesional
práctica	práctica
investigando	investigar
francamente	francamente
afganistán	Afganistán
vecino	vecino
trozo	trozo
tómate	tomar tomate
tercero	tercero
sirven	servir
saquen	sacar
manual	manual
enciende	encender
cercano	cercano
bailando	bailar
atras	atrás
usarlo	usar
telefono	teléfono
registros	registro
ponlo	poner
pasta	pasta pastar
lleguen	llegar
saliste	salir
sabrás	saber
limpieza	limpieza
estadounidense	estadounidense
enojada	enojado enojar
desafortunadamente	desafortunadamente
conoció	conocer
pinta	pinta pintar
matamos	matar
funcionan	funcionar
cocinar	cocinar
cima	cima
atractivo	atractivo
preguntes	preguntar
necesitaré	necesitar
lleguemos	llegar
interrumpir	interrumpir
haberla	haber
apropiado	apropiado
presentimiento	presentimiento
intentamos	intentar
finales	final
evitarlo	evitar
enviaré	enviar
deporte	deporte
bajando	bajar
sucia	sucio
recibimos	recibir
pastillas	pastilla
ceremonia	ceremonia
tina	tina
muelle	muelle
maletas	maleta
hijas	hija
desconocido	desconocido desconocer
conseguiré	conseguir
refugio	refugio refugiar
imagina	imaginar
franceses	francés
convertirse	convertir
arruinado	arruinado arruinar
vomitar	vomitar
pasajeros	pasajero
normales	normal
disfraz	disfraz
continúe	continuar
arreglado	arreglado arreglar
aprende	aprender
venimos	venir
tenerte	tener
seguirá	seguir
razonable	razonable
puesta	puesta puesto poner
masaje	masaje
lágrimas	lágrima
gustaria	gustar
extranjero	extranjero
dejaremos	dejar
apellido	apellido
alguacil	alguacil
temporal	temporal
rompe	romper
mayo	mayo
egoísta	egoísta
aceite	aceite
platos	plato
miércoles	miércoles
indios	indio
decimos	decir
bolsas	bolsa
anuncio	anuncio
tirado	tirado tirar
notado	notado notar
mutantes	mutante
imaginas	imaginar
habitaciones	habitación
grecia	Grecia
entré	entrar
díselo	decir
césar	césar César
comprado	comprado comprar
cocaína	cocaína
amarillo	amarillo
acabará	acabar
suceda	suceder
mentes	mente
maldad	maldad
gustará	gustar
eliminar	eliminar
corbata	corbata
atrapados	atrapado atrapar
sabíamos	saber
merezco	merecer
medalla	medalla
lograste	lograr
jaula	jaula
dió	dar
chofer	chofer
informado	informado informar
fatal	fatal
enfadado	enfadado enfadar
cubierto	cubierto cubrir
compañera	compañera
ronda	ronda rondar
cobra	cobra cobrar
cantante	cantante
abrazo	abrazo abrazar
tarjetas	tarjeta
sentarme	sentar
refería	referir
indica	indicar
gravedad	gravedad
ganando	ganar
estúpidos	estúpido
elecciones	elección
collar	collar
cincuenta	cincuenta
programas	programa
naturalmente	naturalmente
embajada	embajada
desayunar	desayunar
dejaría	dejar
vigila	vigilar
quisieras	querer
intereses	interés
agárrate	agarrar
aéreo	aéreo
traición	traición
seguiré	seguir
salvajes	salvaje
prefiere	preferir
podéis	poder
mueres	morir
molestar	molestar
italiano	italiano
dejarla	dejar
corazones	corazón
averiguarlo	averiguar
ave	ave
arreglarlo	arreglar
advierto	advertir
vendiendo	vender
pública	público
monje	monje
jugamos	jugar
hablarme	hablar
escoger	escoger
andas	andar
ví	ver
pico	pico
llevé	llevar
entro	entrar
tenias	tener
priorato	priorato
perdemos	perder
industria	industria
cretino	cretino
cafetería	cafetería
cabaña	cabaña
aparecer	aparecer
tradición	tradición
suelto	suelto soltar
publicidad	publicidad
pares	parar par
oídos	oído
medida	medida medir
japoneses	japonés
dieta	dieta
capa	capa
vendrás	venir
sincronizado	sincronizado sincronizar
historial	historial
guión	guión