vuelo	vuelo volar
ante	ante
bienvenido	bienvenido
harás	hacer
encontramos	encontrar
encontrado	encontrar
contacto	contacto contactar
posición	posición
saberlo	saber
planeta	planeta
humanos	humano
coronel	coronel
junto	junto juntar
diría	decir
ésa	ese
base	base basar
oír	oír
suelo	suelo soler
pelear	pelear
ayudarte	ayudar
pistola	pistola
frío	frío freír
comandante	comandante
partes	parte partir
llega	llegar
verás	ver
sur	sur
iremos	ir
rato	rato
mar	mar
espacio	espacio
asesinato	asesinato
ventana	ventana
prisa	prisa
tienda	tienda tender
cámara	cámara
puedas	poder
según	según
broma	broma
reunión	reunión
despierta	despertar
sacar	sacar
tí	ti
segunda	segundo
papel	papel
locura	locura
departamento	departamento
horrible	horrible
enfermo	enfermo
pregunto	preguntar
cárcel	cárcel
órdenes	orden
intento	intento intentar
isla	isla
salida	salida salir
llamó	llamar
volveré	volver
usa	usar
gato	gato
hagan	hacer
dejes	dejar
duele	doler
vengan	venir
crimen	crimen
esperaba	esperar
causa	causa causar
bar	bar
seré	ser
ocho	ocho
temprano	temprano
río	río reír
relación	relación
drogas	droga
luces	luz
bromeando	bromear
ojalá	ojalá
hablamos	hablar
trabaja	trabajar
irse	ir
libros	libro
radio	radio
vienes	venir
quedan	quedar
excepto	excepto
brazo	brazo
tome	tomar
rojo	rojo
conocido	conocido conocer
universidad	universidad
investigación	investigación
batalla	batalla
reglas	regla
cargo	cargo cargar
hogar	hogar
ninguno	ninguno
dieron	dar
vuelva	volver
sabías	saber
respeto	respeto respetar
estación	estación
corte	corte cortar
paciente	paciente
encuentro	encuentro encontrar
energía	energía
dejado	dejado dejar
baile	baile
abuela	abuela
caliente	caliente
vieja	viejo
viendo	ver
veremos	ver
rayos	rayo
simple	simple
bailar	bailar
papa	papa
triste	triste
zona	zona
serás	ser
guardia	guardia
canción	canción
salud	salud
escuchar	escuchar
parar	parar
estarás	estar
cenar	cenar
soldados	soldado
caballo	caballo
serán	ser
estaremos	estar
interesa	interesar
volar	volar
principio	principio
nivel	nivel
cálmate	calmar
conocer	conocer
finalmente	finalmente
alegro	alegrar alegro
debajo	debajo
podrían	poder
bosque	bosque
bonita	bonito
bolsa	bolsa
pone	poner
taxi	taxi
ocupado	ocupado ocupar
amable	amable
acaso	acaso
detente	detener
imbécil	imbécil
san	san San
equivocado	equivocado
viva	vivir
puso	poner
obra	obra obrar
consejo	consejo
público	público
ayúdame	ayudar
animales	animal
azul	azul
apuesto	apostar
prisión	prisión
mirar	mirar
inteligente	inteligente
metros	metro
fantástico	fantástico
próximo	próximo
jugando	jugar
ojo	ojo
salga	salir
vea	ver
llaman	llamar
entrada	entrada entrar
duda	duda dudar
cerveza	cerveza
unidos	unido unir
matado	matado matar
princesa	princesa
perdí	perder
entender	entender
santa	santo
quedar	quedar
miles	mil
llamaré	llamar
compañero	compañero
pensado	pensar
espalda	espalda
dejé	dejar
bomba	bomba
cartas	carta
apenas	apenas
leer	leer
hermanos	hermano
darme	dar
papi	papi
mantener	mantener
suyo	suyo
rico	rico
verla	ver
lee	leer
sigues	seguir
toca	tocar
olvídalo	olvidar
acción	acción
hayas	haber haya
dioses	dios
mando	mando mandar
dejaré	dejar
llegue	llegar
formas	forma formar
uh	uh
cierra	cerrar
damas	dama
puente	puente
memoria	memoria
regresa	regresar
muévanse	mover
parecía	parecer
vestido	vestido vestir
llaves	llave
tv	TV
camión	camión
acabar	acabar
robot	robot
llevó	llevar
montón	montón
estuviste	estar
máquina	máquina
puertas	puerta
podamos	poder podar
muere	morir
trago	trago tragar
mayoría	mayoría
reina	reina reinar
lleno	lleno llenar
inglés	inglés
don	don
soldado	soldado soldar
estrella	estrella estrellar
escuche	escuchar
valor	valor
pido	pedir
delante	delante
código	código
héroe	héroe
fe	fe
capaz	capaz
verme	ver
beber	beber
velocidad	velocidad
darte	dar
llevas	llevar
partido	partido partir
estuviera	estar
dia	día
opinión	opinión
irte	ir
cocina	cocina cocinar
abrir	abrir
perros	perro
tambien	también
sepa	saber
pareces	parecer
escribir	escribir
golpe	golpe
tenia	tener
alta	alta
estados	estado estar
tocar	tocar
vuelvo	volver
habían	haber
ganas	gana ganar
hacerte	hacer
dejo	dejar
volvió	volver
ejemplo	ejemplo
contar	contar
tenían	tener
propósito	propósito
entiende	entender
empieza	empezar
anillo	anillo
londres	Londres
tendría	tener
pedir	pedir
estilo	estilo
ayudarme	ayudar
pista	pista
cambiado	cambiar cambiado
escapar	escapar
eeuu	EEUU
encontró	encontrar
espíritu	espíritu
viejos	viejo
molesta	molestar
nota	nota notar
diferencia	diferencia
tratar	tratar
precio	precio
caballero	caballero
sirve	servir
alegra	alegrar
doble	doble
agradable	agradable
embargo	embargo
tengan	tener
tuvimos	tener
sube	subir
estén	estar
mami	mami
emergencia	emergencia
cuello	cuello
boda	boda
aprender	aprender
té	té
informe	informe informar
blanca	blanco Blanca
experiencia	experiencia
debía	deber
podido	poder
mentira	mentira
director	director
mata	matar
exacto	exacto
déjalo	dejar
defensa	defensa
tuviste	tener
confiar	confiar
color	color
hacerle	hacer
aquel	aquel
conocí	conocer
probar	probar
príncipe	príncipe
irá	ir
despacio	despacio
tiro	tiro tirar
vacaciones	vacación
perdió	perder
fondo	fondo
verde	verde
parecen	parecer
mama	mama
bienvenida	bienvenida
opción	opción
operación	operación
hablado	hablar
traer	traer
principal	principal
demonio	demonio
zapatos	zapato
leo	leer
respecto	respecto
nuevos	nuevo
especie	especie
pidió	pedir
éxito	éxito
cabrón	cabrón
mírame	mirar
piernas	pierna
unidad	unidad
hielo	hielo
llegamos	llegar
déjeme	dejar
debí	deber
vendrá	venir
matrimonio	matrimonio
habías	haber
podrá	poder
piel	piel
preocupa	preocupar
quedarme	quedar
mio	mío mio
tuviera	tener
tiempos	tiempo
quienes	quien
oiga	oír
últimos	último
oigan	oír
fuimos	ir ser
arte	arte
necesitaba	necesitar
quiénes	quién
común	común
intentando	intentar
llevaré	llevar
levántate	levantar
correr	correr
brillante	brillante
calor	calor
planes	plan
dra	doctora
visita	visita
presión	presión
pared	pared
esperanza	esperanza
completo	completo completar
subir	subir
cansado	cansar cansado
llame	llamar
recordar	recordar
trampa	trampa
monstruo	monstruo
bajar	bajar
pierna	pierna
señores	señor
tomó	tomar
pasará	pasar
mataste	matar
grandioso	grandioso
socio	socio
herido	herir herido
cayó	caer
fuerzas	fuerza forzar
cine	cine
escena	escena
tía	tía
dando	dar
puntos	punto
teníamos	tener
dejaste	dejar
muévete	mover
larga	largo largar
solía	soler
tema	tema temer
preparado	preparado preparar
depende	depender
policías	policía
solos	solo
matarme	matar
pon	poner
hubiese	haber
bebe	beber
tanta	tanto
oeste	oeste
parís	París
viento	viento
jóvenes	joven
hacerme	hacer
asiento	asiento
estupendo	estupendo
caminar	caminar
juicio	juicio
creerlo	creer
carga	carga cargar
tranquila	tranquilo
banda	banda
estarán	estar
animal	animal
escuchen	escuchar
encontraron	encontrar
dejas	dejar
tarjeta	tarjeta
ibas	ir
podrás	poder
nueve	nueve
seguramente	seguramente
volverá	volver
majestad	majestad
llena	lleno llenar
caer	caer
aeropuerto	aeropuerto
vayamos	ir
acabado	acabar
sigo	seguir
enorme	enorme
área	área
muevas	mover
haberlo	haber
dejen	dejar
ridículo	ridículo
reloj	reloj
hagamos	hacer
flores	flor
mapa	mapa
culpable	culpable
cuentas	cuenta contar
pareja	pareja
tomando	tomar
laboratorio	laboratorio
beso	beso besar
empezó	empezar
pedí	pedir
nariz	nariz
cuestión	cuestión
terminó	terminar
vengo	venir
perdona	perdonar
acuerdas	acordar
verano	verano
prefiero	preferir
peso	peso pesar
oscuridad	oscuridad
diferentes	diferente
cliente	cliente
cuántas	cuántos
televisión	televisión
suya	suyo
prensa	prensa
vistazo	vistazo
inmediatamente	inmediatamente
solamente	solamente
gordo	gordo
quedarse	quedar
posibilidad	posibilidad
medicina	medicina
malditos	maldito
pantalones	pantalón
mataron	matar
ayude	ayudar
podremos	poder
locos	loco
nombres	nombre
parecer	parecer
américa	América
definitivamente	definitivamente
cinta	cinta
desea	desear
brazos	brazo
asuntos	asunto
riesgo	riesgo
escuché	escuchar
lugares	lugar
cuento	cuento contar
noticia	noticia
dígame	decir
decirlo	decir
tonterías	tontería
sentimientos	sentimiento
objetivo	objetivo
pasada	pasada pasado pasar
arreglar	arreglar
casado	casado casar
bote	bote botar
roja	rojo
leyes	ley
millón	millón
árbol	árbol
hable	hablar
proyecto	proyecto
nervioso	nervioso
lana	lana
salido	salir
pedazo	pedazo
malas	malo mala
joder	joder
humana	humano
absolutamente	absolutamente
evitar	evitar
corriendo	correr
bala	bala
vosotros	vosotros
despues	después
debido	debido deber
confianza	confianza
especialmente	especialmente
intenta	intentar
pequeños	pequeño
paga	paga pagar
ganado	ganado ganar
ama	ama amar
limpio	limpio limpiar
comenzar	comenzar
ángeles	ángel
robots	robot
lleve	llevar
ruido	ruido
preocupe	preocupar
belleza	belleza
salgan	salir
come	comer
verá	ver
deberían	deber
líder	líder
preguntar	preguntar
inocente	inocente
lástima	lástima
red	red
enfermedad	enfermedad
desgraciado	desgraciado desgraciar
harán	hacer
dientes	diente
maté	matar
central	central
ponte	poner
felices	feliz
supe	saber
haberte	haber
marcha	marcha marchar
poderes	poder
hubieras	haber
justicia	justicia
bella	bello
dé	dar
proteger	proteger
cabello	cabello
pedido	pedir pedido
oscuro	oscuro
embarazada	embarazado embarazar
costa	costa
dama	dama
alguno	alguno
orgulloso	orgulloso
vos	vos
tomado	tomar
digamos	decir
debió	deber
gana	gana ganar
cura	cura curar
lengua	lengua
araña	araña arañar
podré	poder
voluntad	voluntad
total	total
dedo	dedo
pago	pago pagar
agradezco	agradecer
partir	partir
lucha	lucha luchar
leche	leche
diste	dar
copa	copa
quedarte	quedar
seguros	seguro
destruir	destruir
bienvenidos	bienvenido
llevan	llevar
ponga	poner
lados	lado
acceso	acceso
intentar	intentar
trajo	traer
desastre	desastre
deber	deber
herida	herida herido herir
débil	débil
naturaleza	naturaleza
luchar	luchar
extraña	extraño extrañar
encontraste	encontrar
vieron	ver
llámame	llamar
imagen	imagen
pan	pan
refieres	referir
clientes	cliente
varios	varios
show	show
auxilio	auxilio
oyes	oír
siguen	seguir
sentado	sentar sentado
saliendo	salir
responsable	responsable
olvidado	olvidado olvidar
quedó	quedar
permite	permitir
aquella	aquella
puse	poner
sonido	sonido
quiso	querer
escrito	escribir
carro	carro
preciosa	precioso
muestra	muestra mostrar
bastardo	bastardo
restaurante	restaurante
huevos	huevo
fantasma	fantasma
mismos	mismo
profesional	profesional
amas	ama amar
entero	entero
películas	película
cerrado	cerrado cerrar
dedos	dedo
sigan	seguir
dueño	dueño
cuchillo	cuchillo
turno	turno
tormenta	tormenta
caray	caray
abierto	abierto abrir
quede	quedar
verdadera	verdadero
mato	matar
doc	doctor
playa	playa
km	km
victoria	victoria
primo	primo
oíste	oír
lisa	liso Lisa
interior	interior
hechos	hecho hacer
piedra	piedra
jodido	jodido joder
militar	militar
computadora	computadora
encantaría	encantar
siga	seguir
silla	silla
movimiento	movimiento
momentos	momento
familiar	familiar
apartamento	apartamento
disparar	disparar
tesoro	tesoro
perfecta	perfecto
refiero	referir
motivo	motivo
dará	dar
nuevas	nuevo
mr	mister
querer	querer
matarlo	matar
valiente	valiente
víctima	víctima
tendrán	tener
estúpida	estúpido
envió	enviar
encantado	encantado encantar
diario	diario
abran	abrir
sentí	sentir
autobús	autobús
traído	traer
casas	casa casar
apúrate	apurar
encuentras	encontrar
descanso	descanso descansar
sheriff	sheriff
mueve	mover
inglaterra	Inglaterra
quieto	quieto
matarte	matar
calles	calle callar
tamaño	tamaño
colegio	colegio
usando	usar
cabo	cabo
video	video
toques	toque tocar
pelota	pelota
yendo	ir
directo	directo
termine	terminar
vivos	vivo
sombrero	sombrero
tomé	tomar
estudio	estudio estudiar
grave	grave
protección	protección
secretos	secreto
perdiendo	perder
pecho	pecho
sepas	saber
enferma	enfermo
cuesta	cuesta costar
negros	negro
estrellas	estrella estrellar
lago	lago
clases	clase
obviamente	obviamente
inmediato	inmediato
modos	modo
irás	ir
robo	robo robar
mataré	matar
seria	ser
apoyo	apoyo apoyar
cerrar	cerrar
imagino	imaginar
amenaza	amenaza amenazar
toque	toque tocar
saca	sacar
viernes	viernes
hayan	haber
roto	roto romper
piloto	piloto
marca	marca marcar
combate	combate combatir
hablé	hablar
manejar	manejar
sección	sección
profundo	profundo
tantos	tanto
conocía	conocer
serie	serie
contrato	contrato contratar
americano	americano
paseo	paseo pasear
aviones	avión
balas	bala
repente	repente
cambia	cambiar
tropas	tropa
llevará	llevar
uso	uso usar
pudiste	poder
detener	detener
sabia	sabio
llegué	llegar
negra	negro
decidido	decidido decidir
comienza	comenzar
distancia	distancia
éramos	ser
murieron	morir
averiguar	averiguar
actuar	actuar
quedo	quedar
pulso	pulso pulsar
aguanta	aguantar
oficiales	oficial
llamaba	llamar
enemigos	enemigo
saldrá	salir
preocupado	preocupado preocupar
elección	elección
sobrevivir	sobrevivir
bordo	bordo
sujeto	sujeto
pacientes	paciente
disculpen	disculpar
época	época
entró	entrar
pesar	pesar
habló	hablar
vender	vender
piensan	pensar
ex	ex
gratis	gratis
desapareció	desaparecer
empleo	empleo emplear
llamé	llamar
conocen	conocer
cerdo	cerdo
puedan	poder
comprendo	comprender
tomo	tomar
termina	terminar
aléjate	alejar
busco	buscar
contento	contento
date	dar
tumba	tumba tumbar
huellas	huella
cuerpos	cuerpo
absoluto	absoluto
pide	pedir
dura	duro durar
descansar	descansar
respuestas	respuesta
propiedad	propiedad
llamando	llamar
dormido	dormir
castillo	castillo
china	chino China
datos	dato
torre	torre
robar	robar
americanos	americano
malos	malo
botella	botella
aquellos	aquellos
últimamente	últimamente
testigo	testigo
presento	presentar
periódico	periódico
juez	juez
historias	historia
gustaba	gustar
créeme	creer
necesitar	necesitar
esquina	esquina
millas	milla
llamadas	llamada llamar
fuente	fuente
conocemos	conocer
techo	techo techar
genio	genio
alerta	alerta
ideas	idea
tomas	toma tomar
olvidar	olvidar
menor	menor
droga	droga
explicar	explicar
abierta	abierto abrir
privado	privado privar
miembros	miembro
nacional	nacional
gustó	gustar
discutir	discutir
evidencia	evidencia
detalles	detalle
tardes	tarde tardar
tomaré	tomar
presente	presente presentar
criminal	criminal
premio	premio
vuelvas	volver
siéntese	sentar
viniste	venir
recibir	recibir
mires	mirar
teniendo	tener
huele	oler
hables	hablar
guardias	guardia
enamorado	enamorado enamorar
cuidar	cuidar
pocos	poco
perdone	perdonar
natural	natural
caballos	caballo
escucho	escuchar
enfermera	enfermera
ángel	ángel
sospechoso	sospechoso
local	local
mentiras	mentira
camisa	camisa
confía	confiar
aceptar	aceptar
venganza	venganza
perdimos	perder
cuantos	cuanto
parque	parque
juegos	juego
vives	vivir
varias	varios
harías	hacer
menudo	menudo
déjenme	dejar
barrio	barrio
virus	virus
talento	talento
ministro	ministro
hiciera	hacer
robó	robar
conocerte	conocer
viviendo	vivir
responsabilidad	responsabilidad
respira	respirar
números	número
pertenece	pertenecer
desayuno	desayuno desayunar
campeón	campeón
controlar	controlar
maría	María maría
nieve	nieve
méxico	México
dias	día
vergüenza	vergüenza
doctora	doctora
blancos	blanco
fumar	fumar
llevamos	llevar
europa	Europa
dudo	dudar
pastel	pastel
quedas	quedar
cae	caer
vimos	ver
recibido	recibir
andando	andar
agentes	agente
fueras	ser ir
asustado	asustado asustar
perdóname	perdonar
reino	reino reinar
clave	clave
papeles	papel
matando	matar
efecto	efecto
plata	plata
olvidé	olvidar
iban	ir
universo	universo
política	política
almuerzo	almuerzo almorzar
magia	magia
lluvia	lluvia
humor	humor
autos	auto
veía	ver
tantas	tanto
respirar	respirar
cantar	cantar
trabajas	trabajar
disparo	disparo
conversación	conversación
olor	olor
asesinos	asesino
muchacha	muchacha
modelo	modelo
curso	curso
canal	canal
rock	rock