aceptable	aceptable
volverme	volver
urgencia	urgencia
sentarnos	sentar
roman	román Roman
privados	privado privar
postura	postura
ponernos	poner
peluca	peluca
parecería	parecer
palomitas	palomita paloma
nocturna	nocturno
mercenarios	mercenario
maricas	marica
mantendrá	mantener
intenten	intentar
guardas	guardar guarda
grúa	grúa
gastado	gastado gastar
estrelló	estrellar
digital	digital
dieran	dar
corría	correr
capturar	capturar
campeones	campeón
ardilla	ardilla
apaguen	apagar
amen	amar
acostumbrada	acostumbrado acostumbrar
sugerir	sugerir
sucias	sucio
succión	succión
registrar	registrar
propietario	propietario
portero	portero
perdonarme	perdonar
parados	parado parar
ofrecido	ofrecido ofrecer
muevete	mover
marcharme	marchar
marchado	marchado
israel	israel
informarle	informar
hablaban	hablar
ganadores	ganador
firmas	firma firmar
expresar	expresar
empezaba	empezar
despierten	despertar
crearon	crear
claridad	claridad
ciegos	ciego
bloque	bloque
alterado	alterado
vestirme	vestir
velada	velada velar
serias	serio
salvarla	salvar
procedimientos	procedimiento
porche	porche
ponerla	poner
pasemos	pasar
pala	pala
ogros	ogro
movió	mover
molestarme	molestar
menuda	menudo
hostil	hostil
epidemia	epidemia
enséñame	enseñar
deténganlo	detener
detenernos	detener
describir	describir
concedido	concedido
comunicado	comunicado comunicar
comparar	comparar
cogeré	coger
callas	callar
busques	buscar
acercándose	acercar
abandona	abandonar
volado	volado volar
ventajas	ventaja
tubería	tubería
traicionaste	traicionar
traerla	traer
suministros	suministro
regresando	regresar
recientes	reciente
puñado	puñado
pretender	pretender
pasadas	pasada pasado pasar
guardo	guardar
girando	girar
fugitivo	fugitivo
escoba	escoba
escaparse	escapar
empleos	empleo
echen	echar
duran	durar
duque	duque
dondequiera	dondequiera
dibujar	dibujar
destinado	destinado destinar
dedico	dedicar
cuidadoso	cuidadoso
cristales	cristal
creerte	creer
clavo	clavo clavar
cápsula	cápsula
bastón	bastón
atencion	atención
aliado	aliado
agradece	agradecer
acepté	aceptar
aceptaré	aceptar
aborten	abortar
utilizado	utilizado utilizar
tranvía	tranvía
trágico	trágico
tequila	tequila
sostener	sostener
serviría	servir
retira	retirar
redonda	redondo
realizado	realizado realizar
protocolos	protocolo
potente	potente
pensábamos	pensar
mexicanos	mexicano
llévatelo	llevar
inmortalidad	inmortalidad
infectada	infectado
experta	experta
ética	ética ético
estancia	estancia
específico	específico
empezaré	empezar
ejecutar	ejecutar
echarme	echar
déjalos	dejar
comisionado	comisionado
chispas	chispa chispar
cerramos	cerrar
atraco	atraco
asignado	asignado asignar
asesinaste	asesinar
armar	armar
acuérdate	acordar
vosotras	vosotras
unidas	unido
tránsito	tránsito
suceso	suceso
presiento	presentar
patadas	patada
obtuve	obtener
músculo	músculo
legalmente	legalmente
imaginarme	imaginar
honores	honor
gordos	gordo
furiosa	furioso
funcionado	funcionar
fallé	fallar
escóndete	esconder
declaraciones	declaración
cumplió	cumplir
cuerno	cuerno
comienzan	comenzar
clementina	clementina
católica	católico
carcel	cárcel
cansados	cansado
brasil	brasil
asado	asado asar
álbum	álbum
abdominal	abdominal
volvimos	volver
supermercado	supermercado
sujeta	sujeto sujetar
suavemente	suavemente
salvando	salvar
reventar	reventar
rastreo	rastreo rastrear
quienquiera	quienquiera
pretendo	pretender
pertenecía	pertenecer
perdono	perdonar
pequeñín	pequeñín pequeño
paganos	pagano
onu	ONU
obtuviste	obtener
obliga	obligar
nobel	nobel
levántense	levantar
lastime	lastimar
inconveniente	inconveniente
flexible	flexible
favoritas	favorito
escaparon	escapar
corres	correr
correctas	correcto
copiado	copiado copiar
convertí	convertir
burla	burla burlar
atrevido	atrevido
alejarme	alejar
abordar	abordar
abejas	abeja
vuelan	volar
surgió	surgir
rechazar	rechazar
noto	notar
negociaciones	negociación
llamara	llamar
irónico	irónico
inmediata	inmediato
incluido	incluido incluir
hábito	hábito
etc	etc
escapé	escapar
entraré	entrar
encendedor	encendedor
eches	echar
dramático	dramático
dominar	dominar
demandas	demanda demandar
decido	decidir
cumplo	cumplir
corrió	correr
conducto	conducto
choca	chocar choco
area	área
arbusto	arbusto
ajo	ajo
yankees	yankee
violó	violar
valía	valer
tijeras	tijeras
sugieres	sugerir
rodea	rodear
revisé	revisar
programación	programación
privadas	privado
presidencial	presidencial
necesitaban	necesitar
navegación	navegación
mencioné	mencionar
maravillosos	maravilloso
llamarle	llamar
late	latir
frecuencias	frecuencia
estreno	estreno estrenar
encargue	encargar
empuje	empuje empujar
empeorar	empeorar
dormiré	dormir
desaparecidos	desaparecido
dejenme	dejar
dare	dar
culturas	cultura
concreto	concreto concretar
cesar	cesar
caía	caer
bailas	bailar
autorizada	autorizado
aleluya	aleluya
yanquis	yanqui
villano	villano
superhéroe	superhéroe
separar	separar
quítese	quitar
preparación	preparación
preocupaciones	preocupación
porcentaje	porcentaje
ofendido	ofendido
merecido	merecido
matemática	matemática matemático
marea	marea
márchate	marchar
limpios	limpio
jinetes	jinete
ingresos	ingreso
infinito	infinito
globos	globo
futura	futuro
filme	filmar
estudiado	estudiado estudiar
escondes	esconder
enfoque	enfoque enfocar
confirma	confirmar
concentrarme	concentrar
casamiento	casamiento
bombardeo	bombardeo bombardear
bolígrafo	bolígrafo
atravesando	atravesar
atrapan	atrapar
aproxima	aproximar
antepasados	antepasado
anteojos	anteojos
amabilidad	amabilidad
aislamiento	aislamiento
verga	verga
veis	ver
universitario	universitario
traigas	traer
tocino	tocino
tito	titar Tito
tires	tirar
talentoso	talentoso
rodeados	rodeado rodear
riñones	riñón
quites	quitar
puños	puño
preparé	preparar
pipa	pipa
percepción	percepción
mostrarles	mostrar
mostrador	mostrador
habitantes	habitante
golpeaste	golpear
gelatina	gelatina
explicaciones	explicación
espina	espina
enterrada	enterrado enterrar
doblar	doblar
devuelvo	devolver
descubrimos	descubrir
declaró	declarar
cristiana	cristiano
crío	crío criar
conquista	conquista conquistar
confiado	confiado confiar
cómics	cómic
bolos	bolo
barriga	barriga
aparecerá	aparecer
agradecidos	agradecido
aficionado	aficionado
yace	yacer
sucedería	suceder
ruptura	ruptura
quítale	quitar
protegida	protegido
perdamos	perder
negó	negar
mantienes	mantener
maniobra	maniobra
jurar	jurar
impresionar	impresionar
ilusiones	ilusión
ignorante	ignorante
generadores	generador
figuras	figura figurar
exhausto	exhausto
enfrentarse	enfrentar
duelen	dolar
divertirte	divertir
dirigimos	dirigir
dental	dental
cuénteme	contar
correos	correo
carolina	carolino Carolina
campesinos	campesino
bombarderos	bombardero
bares	bar
vendes	vender
suero	suero
sermón	sermón
puerco	puerco
provoca	provocar
prestas	prestar
pidas	pedir
pasarán	pasar
paces	pacer
oponente	oponente
oigas	oír
maya	maya
lastimes	lastimar
jardinero	jardinero
interferir	interferir
importará	importar
hablarles	hablar
ganaremos	ganar
forzado	forzado forzar
explicarme	explicar
espérenme	esperar
enamoré	enamorar
disturbios	disturbio
devuélveme	devolver
detenerla	detener
cuanta	cuanto
clásica	clásico
chaleco	chaleco
cafe	café
ballena	ballena
bajaré	bajar
amos	amo
altitud	altitud
acontecimientos	acontecimiento
acababa	acabar
vigilante	vigilante
tomografía	tomografía
resurrección	resurrección
rencor	rencor
probemos	probar
pólvora	pólvora
ofensiva	ofensiva
nono	nono
narcóticos	narcótico
mudar	mudar
intentaste	intentar
ganarle	ganar
forman	formar
ficha	ficha
ferrocarril	ferrocarril
falleció	fallecer
divierte	divertir
directores	director
dificultad	dificultad
desesperadamente	desesperadamente
démosle	dar
culos	culo
creyendo	creer
comprador	comprador
casaré	casar
balance	balance
asustes	asustar
alienígena	alienígeno
alcanzo	alcanzar
ventilación	ventilación
tregua	tregua
traficantes	traficante
subterráneo	subterráneo
simulación	simulación
secuestradores	secuestrador
sangra	sangrar
resolverlo	resolver
realeza	realeza
presidenta	presidenta
pensaban	pensar
parecida	parecido parecer
pagarme	pagar
oraciones	oración
marruecos	Marruecos
levantate	levantar
lastimé	lastimar
iniciales	inicial
imitación	imitación
financiera	financiera financiero
exquisito	exquisito
esponja	esponja
entrevistas	entrevista
enterarme	enterar
entenderá	entender
enseñas	enseñar
convertirte	convertir
cansé	cansar
cambiaría	cambiar
bang	bang
arresten	arrestar
argentina	argentino
adjunto	adjunto
acordado	acordado
trofeo	trofeo
trayendo	traer
seguras	seguro
satélites	satélite
sacarlos	sacar
rezo	rezo rezar
regular	regular
pretendes	pretender
póliza	póliza
piérdete	perder
marqués	marqués
malvados	malvado
leia	leer
invitarte	invitar
fanático	fanático
factura	factura facturar
extrañaré	extrañar
escoria	escoria
décadas	década
cortada	cortado
considere	considerar
comprensión	comprensión
codo	codo
claras	claro
calme	calmar
cabras	cabra
balazo	balazo
bájala	bajar
babilonia	babilonio
arruiné	arruinar
arbustos	arbusto
apodo	apodo
alumna	alumna
aleja	alejar
albania	Albania
ahogado	ahogado
acercamos	acercar
abrimos	abrir
veterinario	veterinario
vecina	vecina
usada	usado usar
puros	puro
puntería	puntería
públicas	público
pronóstico	pronóstico
planeas	planear
pasarla	pasar
optimista	optimista
odiaría	odiar
obreros	obrero
mentiría	mentir
marino	marino
luchamos	luchar
letal	letal
judicial	judicial
exceso	exceso
enigma	enigma
canasta	canasta
buscarlos	buscar
blues	blues
apunto	apuntar
aparatos	aparato
aguante	aguante aguantar
agarramos	agarrar
adictos	adicto
vinci	vencer
tramando	tramar
tácticas	táctica
sostiene	sostener
signifique	significar
significar	significar
sato	sato
sarcófago	sarcófago
reportaje	reportaje
religiosa	religioso
reconstruir	reconstruir
propone	proponer
precaución	precaución
portador	portador
popa	popa
parlamento	parlamento
ofrecerte	ofrecer
ocuparse	ocupar
nombrar	nombrar
molestan	molestar
lecturas	lectura
iríamos	ir
haríamos	hacer
guardería	guardería
francotiradores	francotirador
exista	existir
evidentemente	evidentemente
enfrenta	enfrentar
destruya	destruir
defenderse	defender
continente	continente
consideran	considerar
ausente	ausente
anochecer	anochecer
alrededores	alrededor
aduana	aduana
winchester	winchester
utah	utah
ultimamente	últimamente
sospechosa	sospechoso
séptimo	séptimo
seguirme	seguir
sálvame	salvar
romeo	romeo Romeo
robos	robo
ratones	ratón
quitarse	quitar
publico	publicar público
profeta	profeta
presentarle	presentar
paramédicos	paramédico
opiniones	opinión
mostrado	mostrado mostrar
miramos	mirar
invertido	invertido invertir
ídolo	ídolo
hijita	hijita
ganancia	ganancia
esperaría	esperar
esperará	esperar
dudar	dudar
destruyeron	destruir
construida	construido construir
confíes	confiar
comeremos	comer
bus	bus
bienestar	bienestar
bailamos	bailar
ayudaremos	ayudar
autodestrucción	autodestrucción
ahogó	ahogar
acercarte	acercar
violentos	violento
valga	valer
vacíos	vacío
triángulo	triángulo
traslado	traslado trasladar
tigres	tigre
supieran	saber
sorprendida	sorprendido
solían	soler
soda	soda
secundarios	secundario
secuestrador	secuestrador
recupera	recuperar
rechazo	rechazo rechazar
ramas	rama
preciosas	precioso
ofrecieron	ofrecer
locuras	locura
lino	lino
libera	liberar
legítimo	legítimo
lastimó	lastimar
huérfanos	huérfano
generosa	generoso
exijo	exigir
escáner	escáner
entenderás	entender
desaparecen	desaparecer
cruzó	cruzar
continuará	continuar
confirmada	confirmado
cocinera	cocinera
claros	claro
ciclo	ciclo
caminas	caminar
bando	bando
avergonzada	avergonzado
atraviesa	atravesar
atentamente	atentamente
arruinando	arruinar
adicción	adicción
violenta	violento
únicamente	únicamente
suéter	suéter
sudor	sudor
significaría	significar
reemplazo	reemplazo reemplazar
quiebra	quiebra quebrar
peligros	peligro
matare	matar
llamare	llamar
litro	litro
irías	ir
humillación	humillación
glorioso	glorioso
gasto	gasto gastar
faro	faro
exclusiva	exclusiva
entrenando	entrenar
empezará	empezar
diabetes	diabetes
conteo	conteo
centros	centro
captura	captura capturar
balcón	balcón
asegúrese	asegurar
arder	arder
apretar	apretar
aprenderás	aprender
abrieron	abrir
visitarme	visitar
verduras	verdura
venecia	Venecia
vendrían	venir
vales	valer vale
tardaste	tardar
suicidarse	suicidar
simio	simio
sensibilidad	sensibilidad
retire	retirar
respondió	responder
rendirse	rendir
pusiera	poner
principalmente	principalmente
preferida	preferido
órgano	órgano
operador	operador
náuseas	náusea
mudarse	mudar
mirame	mirar
mátalos	matar
madam	madam
llevare	llevar
invitaron	invitar
intruso	intruso
idiomas	idioma
hoguera	hoguera
hablara	hablar
genes	gen
entregas	entrega entregar
encontrada	encontrado encontrar
echarte	echar
echamos	echar
devuelva	devolver
detenerte	detener
deshacer	deshacer
cosmo	cosmos
comprarle	comprar
comenzaremos	comenzar
cerré	cerrar
bloqueando	bloquear bloquear
asustarte	asustar
asegura	asegurar
vitaminas	vitamina
vengarse	vengar
valla	valla
trozos	trozo
tímida	tímido
superado	superado superar
sueña	soñar
seguidos	seguido
salvavidas	salvavidas
remolque	remolque
prometer	prometer
proceder	proceder
prepararme	preparar
pediatría	pediatría
pagos	pago
pagarte	pagar
ninja	ninja
nieta	nieta
motocicleta	motocicleta
mostrando	mostrar
montana	montana
miedos	miedo
mantendremos	mantener
mandíbula	mandíbula
luchas	lucha luchar
logras	lograr
levanté	levantar
lanzado	lanzado lanzar
intrusos	intruso
insistió	insistir
habria	haber
gritó	gritar
ganarme	ganar
decepción	decepción
cubriendo	cubrir
continuemos	continuar
consideración	consideración
conduzco	conducir
colchón	colchón
chupa	chupar
camisas	camisa
buscabas	buscar
bloqueo	bloqueo bloquear
armamento	armamento
amenazando	amenazar
alias	alias
virginidad	virginidad
vengar	vengar
tornado	tornado
series	serie
sácala	sacar
rompan	romper
responden	responder
reclamar	reclamar
presentaré	presentar
preguntamos	preguntar
predicador	predicador
pintor	pintor
paguen	pagar
ofreciendo	ofrecer
matriz	matriz
maricones	maricón
libra	libra librar
jugó	jugar
jodió	joder
invité	invitar
inodoro	inodoro
ingresar	ingresar
ignorancia	ignorancia
ibamos	ir
gustara	gustar
extiende	extender
exagerando	exagerar
cuido	cuidar
cuidarte	cuidar
colapso	colapso colapsar
buzón	buzón
buenísimo	bueno
bretaña	Bretaña
bree	brear
bárbaro	bárbaro
asombrosa	asombroso
alérgico	alérgico
acostaste	acostar
abrirlo	abrir
vip	vip
trueno	trueno
tesoros	tesoro
superhéroes	superhéroe
seras	ser
rotas	roto
recupere	recuperar
quejarte	quejar
pulgar	pulgar
pillado	pillado
pensemos	pensar
pausa	pausa
pandillas	pandilla
pagaremos	pagar
olvidaba	olvidar
normalidad	normalidad
muérete	morir
movido	movido mover
miligramos	miligramo
meteré	meter
matrix	matrix
honestidad	honestidad
golpearme	golpear
frasco	frasco
expulsado	expulsado expulsar
espectros	espectro
cubiertas	cubierto
confié	confiar
clemencia	clemencia
cago	cagar
bromea	bromear
atún	atún
ático	ático
arreglé	arreglar
amnesia	amnesia
acusa	acusar
situacion	situación
servidor	servidor
seran	ser
recoja	recoger
ramón	ramón Ramón
psiquiátrico	psiquiátrico
protesto	protesto
prisiones	prisión
porquerías	porquería
pondrán	poner
munición	munición
mudarnos	mudar
molesten	molestar
mentales	mental
llámalo	llamar
jurisdicción	jurisdicción
informante	informante
guardan	guardar
frases	frase
estuviéramos	estar
estaria	estar
enviará	enviar
entorno	entorno
engañarme	engañar
enfrentamos	enfrentar
diviértanse	divertir
distracción	distracción
déjale	dejar
cuadrante	cuadrante
cuaderno	cuaderno
caminaba	caminar
bledo	bledo
altar	altar
zanahoria	zanahoria
viviremos	vivir
tomada	tomado tomar
tendras	tener
sugirió	sugerir
rabino	rabino
quisiéramos	querer
promoción	promoción
práctico	práctico
peleo	pelear
pálido	pálido
pagaste	pagar
orfanato	orfanato
operativo	operativo
mutación	mutación
monta	montar
mayoria	mayoría
mandaste	mandar
luto	luto
llevaban	llevar
interese	interesar
indicios	indicio
impostor	impostor
histórico	histórico
explicas	explicar
estrictamente	estrictamente
estaras	estar
establo	establo
diseñador	diseñador
deprimente	deprimente
defectos	defecto
crié	criar
corregir	corregir
caros	caro
banquero	banquero
aparta	apartar
analizar	analizar
vainilla	vainilla
transbordador	transbordador
taxista	taxista
superficial	superficial
sirviendo	servir
separe	separar
seguiría	seguir
robe	robar
rituales	ritual
revela	revelar
régimen	régimen
protegen	proteger
preocuparía	preocupar
pollos	pollo
pis	pis
obsequio	obsequio
nace	nacer
mirarlo	mirar
manada	manada
hambrientos	hambriento
formulario	formulario
fibra	fibra
feas	feo
divertirme	divertir
divertimos	divertir
culpes	culpar
creéis	crear
convento	convento
continúan	continuar
comamos	comer
cierran	cerrar
champagne	champagne
candidatos	candidato
camine	caminar
calabozo	calabozo
cal	cal
besa	besar
arreglando	arreglar
armonía	armonía
ame	amar
agarraron	agarrar
aeropuertos	aeropuerto
tope	tope
tontas	tonto
setenta	setenta
rodaje	rodaje
reuniremos	reunir
relájese	relajar
recta	recta
psicología	psicología
pierdan	perder
pastilla	pastilla
paseando	pasear
pasados	pasado pasar
ocultando	ocultar
movida	movida movido mover
morirse	morir
mérito	mérito
marchen	marchar
ingreso	ingreso ingresar
informó	informar
industrias	industria
fundamental	fundamental
francotirador	francotirador
flaco	flaco
fallaste	fallar
estambul	Estambul
entraremos	entrar
duendes	duende
dobles	doble
descubriste	descubrir
derribar	derribar
demandar	demandar
delincuentes	delincuente
cuidarme	cuidar
créditos	crédito
corrí	correr
cera	cera
brazalete	brazalete
bolsón	bolsón
apertura	apertura
amé	amar
abandono	abandono abandonar
vivirás	vivir
vendas	venda vender
utilizando	utilizar
temible	temible
tacto	tacto
reporteros	reportero
reemplazar	reemplazar
prepararte	preparar
precauciones	precaución
planeamos	planear
ocuparemos	ocupar
monja	monja