llorar	llorar
borracho	borracho
regresen	regresar
váyanse	ir
sentía	sentir
resultado	resultado resultar
parado	parado parar
olvides	olvidar
mirada	mirada mirar
inútil	inútil
acabas	acabar
ciencia	ciencia
perdiste	perder
sociedad	sociedad
regrese	regresar
camioneta	camioneta
coño	coño
revista	revista
pareció	parecer
montaña	montaña
maravillosa	maravilloso
dejarlo	dejar
máximo	máximo
echar	echar
corriente	corriente
escuchando	escuchar
disculpas	disculpa disculpar
cadáver	cadáver
seguimos	seguir
ron	ron Ron
espectáculo	espectáculo
mundial	mundial
francia	Francia
decirles	decir
aspecto	aspecto
presencia	presencia
famoso	famoso
corto	corto cortar
relájate	relajar
poderoso	poderoso
recuerdos	recuerdo
llego	llegar
carretera	carretera
pasé	pasar
oigo	oír
esperamos	esperar
escuchado	escuchar
cable	cable
rosa	rosa
bola	bola
oferta	oferta
intentarlo	intentar
habido	haber
continuar	continuar
ladrón	ladrón
humanidad	humanidad
estómago	estómago
entera	entero
contó	contar
poniendo	poner
mercado	mercado
granja	granja
idiotas	idiota
hablemos	hablar
estudiante	estudiante
siglo	siglo
relaciones	relación
hablan	hablar
nosotras	nosotras
miembro	miembro
fortuna	fortuna
libres	libre
acciones	acción
esperas	espera esperar
suficientemente	suficientemente
llevaron	llevar
ocurrido	ocurrir
andar	andar
perfectamente	perfectamente
pasan	pasar
jardín	jardín
cola	cola colar
resultados	resultado
francés	francés
troya	Troya
tercera	tercero
entrenamiento	entrenamiento
azúcar	azúcar
metido	meter
ayudarlo	ayudar
diles	decir
coger	coger
lunes	lunes
ey	ey
intención	intención
volviendo	volver
efectivo	efectivo
salgamos	salir
preguntaba	preguntar
olvida	olvidar
helicóptero	helicóptero
fuertes	fuerte
encantador	encantador
original	original
cadena	cadena
tarea	tarea
dispara	disparar
corta	corto cortar
compañeros	compañero
cirugía	cirugía
quítate	quitar
querían	querer
precioso	precioso
lord	lord
comenzó	comenzar
truco	truco
inspector	inspector
enojado	enojado enojar
felicidades	felicidad
desaparecido	desaparecido desaparecer
acto	acto
pollo	pollo
chocolate	chocolate
adonde	adonde
resulta	resultar
merece	merecer
gas	gas
examen	examen
vean	ver
tonta	tonto
importantes	importante
apuesta	apuesta apostar
directamente	directamente
recuperar	recuperar
pongo	poner
llegaron	llegar
cobarde	cobarde
cantidad	cantidad
sucio	sucio
habia	haber
emperador	emperador
mono	mono
encontraremos	encontrar
disparen	disparar
gloria	gloria
contrario	contrario
socorro	socorro socorrer
sir	sir
escaleras	escalera
pasos	paso
nuevamente	nuevamente
derechos	derecho
obtener	obtener
guste	gustar
búsqueda	búsqueda
helado	helado helar
fútbol	fútbol
sexual	sexual
polvo	polvo
aseguro	asegurar
rostro	rostro
robado	robar robado
policia	policía
empresa	empresa
escuchas	escuchar
pones	poner
lárgate	largar
interés	interés
discúlpeme	disculpar
dejaron	dejar
tengamos	tener
firma	firma firmar
llevaba	llevar
llegas	llegar
cristo	Cristo
tercer	tercero
senador	senador
continúa	continuar
gracia	gracia
cien	cien
des	dar
tratado	tratado tratar
razones	razón
caminando	caminar
urgencias	urgencia
u	o
esperan	esperar
muñeca	muñeca
firme	firme firmar
duerme	dormir
ambulancia	ambulancia
limpia	limpio limpiar
habéis	haber
flota	flota flotar
leyenda	leyenda
encuentre	encontrar
fué	ir ser
romper	romper
muriendo	morir
encontrarlo	encontrar
rescate	rescate rescatar
quedado	quedar
enfrente	enfrente
comienzo	comienzo comenzar
árboles	árbol
queso	queso
favorito	favorito
haberme	haber
frontera	frontera
creemos	creer
colega	colega
jueves	jueves
alemanes	alemán
sábado	sábado
limpiar	limpiar
puto	puto
poquito	poco
cientos	ciento
muero	morir
irak	Irak
inteligencia	inteligencia
funcionar	funcionar
felicitaciones	felicitación
escapó	escapar
criatura	criatura
milagro	milagro
deprisa	deprisa
especiales	especial
campamento	campamento
responde	responder
escuchaste	escuchar
debiste	deber
adios	adiós
viven	vivir
recoger	recoger
preguntarte	preguntar
compras	compra comprar
cansada	cansado cansar
elegir	elegir
cáncer	cáncer
servir	servir
pata	pata
huir	huir
útil	útil
grados	grado
atacar	atacar
recién	recién
querría	querer
guapo	guapo
alcance	alcance alcanzar
dejame	dejar
quedamos	quedar
llegará	llegar
seremos	ser
desierto	desierto
licencia	licencia
trató	tratar
proceso	proceso procesar
llevado	llevar
durmiendo	dormir
tensión	tensión
martes	martes
kilómetros	kilómetro
cartera	cartera
tráfico	tráfico
guarda	guardar
impresionante	impresionante
víctimas	víctima
ricos	rico
primeros	primero
dejamos	dejar
tomen	tomar
iguales	igual
domingo	domingo
crear	crear
quedará	quedar
pérdida	pérdida
extra	extra
fuese	ser ir
confío	confiar
sabido	saber
análisis	análisis
llegaste	llegar
fría	frío freír
violencia	violencia
mate	matar mate
lobo	lobo
discurso	discurso
actor	actor
orgullo	orgullo
odia	odiar
libras	libra librar
alli	allí
agencia	agencia
vuelvan	volver
necesidad	necesidad
naves	nave
descubrir	descubrir
tira	tira tirar
resolver	resolver
pondré	poner
volando	volar
pensamos	pensar
míos	mío
errores	error
celular	celular
cuantas	cuanto
verlos	ver
ayudarle	ayudar
meter	meter
hablaré	hablar
ésto	esto
buscas	buscar
equivocada	equivocado equivocar
dejan	dejar
vacío	vacío
trabajaba	trabajar
salón	salón
motor	motor
conducir	conducir
compré	comprar
quizas	quizás
den	dar
cerrada	cerrado cerrar
cortar	cortar
crea	crear
sera	ser
mueva	mover
hazme	hacer
bravo	bravo
pregunté	preguntar
promesa	promesa
espejo	espejo
dígale	decir
sienta	sentar sentir
médicos	médico
cero	cero
escribió	escribir
volveremos	volver
unidades	unidad
cheque	cheque
consigue	conseguir
antiguo	antiguo
regla	regla
pesadilla	pesadilla
enviar	enviar
podías	poder
llevarte	llevar
entrenador	entrenador
cuida	cuidar
paciencia	paciencia
dilo	decir
levanta	levantar
complicado	complicado complicar
superior	superior
sugiero	sugerir
familias	familia
dirá	decir
pienses	pensar
temporada	temporada
suelta	suelto soltar
corran	correr
propios	propio
feo	feo
dispuesto	dispuesto disponer
ayúdenme	ayudar
teoría	teoría
salvaje	salvaje
negativo	negativo
íbamos	ir
hubieran	haber
tripulación	tripulación
taza	taza
perdida	perdido perder
vinieron	venir
ponen	poner
pasamos	pasar
parecido	parecido parecer
acepto	aceptar
gay	gay
señoras	señora
quedaré	quedar
parada	parada parar
niñas	niña
conseguí	conseguir
acabamos	acabar
normalmente	normalmente
muchísimo	muchísimo mucho
bruja	bruja
vegas	vega
tuvieron	tener
traigo	traer
matará	matar
funeral	funeral
conseguiste	conseguir
teatro	teatro
medianoche	medianoche
biblioteca	biblioteca
estemos	estar
túnel	túnel
encargo	encargo encargar
aparece	aparecer
testigos	testigo
pensó	pensar
fueran	ser ir
fantasmas	fantasma
correo	correo
vuestro	vuestro
piscina	piscina
paquete	paquete
copia	copia copiar
suicidio	suicidio
crédito	crédito
consigo	conseguir
vuestra	vuestro
rara	raro
legal	legal
hablaremos	hablar
cambió	cambiar
solas	solo
salimos	salir
ganador	ganador
estudiantes	estudiante
despierto	despierto despertar
pare	parar
invitado	invitado invitar
guía	guía
oso	oso osar
leí	leer
explosión	explosión
dejarme	dejar
chino	chino
sorprende	sorprender
sistemas	sistema
nación	nación
entienden	entender
arena	arena
mentiroso	mentiroso
hablaba	hablar
veas	ver
pura	puro
asesinado	asesinado asesinar
mintiendo	mentir
casos	caso
vehículo	vehículo
rata	rata
importancia	importancia
distinto	distinto
pintura	pintura
intenté	intentar
conciencia	conciencia
miras	mirar
máquinas	máquina
traeré	traer
revisar	revisar
veinte	veinte
seres	ser
hablarle	hablar
disco	disco discar
transporte	transporte transportar
mina	mina
labios	labio
señoría	señoría
llamamos	llamar
doce	doce
cuídate	cuidar
pasillo	pasillo
tele	tele televisión
podria	poder
completa	completo completar
rápida	rápido
precisamente	precisamente
llamaste	llamar
cumplir	cumplir
servicios	servicio
señales	señal
acaban	acabar
suéltame	soltar
hablarte	hablar
traté	tratar
pescado	pescado pescar
huesos	hueso
daría	dar
compra	compra comprar
trajiste	traer
templo	templo
placa	placa
posibilidades	posibilidad
ira	ira
vengas	venir
siguiendo	seguir
podrán	poder
llamarme	llamar
cierta	cierto
permitir	permitir
condiciones	condición
atrapar	atrapar
temperatura	temperatura
explicación	explicación
enviado	enviado enviar
contado	contado contar
asistente	asistente
imperio	imperio
pidiendo	pedir
notas	nota notar
curioso	curioso
operaciones	operación
mantén	mantener
tierras	tierra
creas	creer
pez	pez
morirá	morir
visión	visión
montañas	montaña
comido	comido comer
construir	construir
comunidad	comunidad
verán	ver
pierde	perder
piense	pensar
felicidad	felicidad
diversión	diversión
salvó	salvar
quita	quitar
museo	museo
disparó	disparar
desearía	desear
misterio	misterio
buscamos	buscar
aviso	aviso avisar
almirante	almirante
solución	solución
pequeñas	pequeño
faltan	faltar
existen	existir
combustible	combustible
leído	leer
tirar	tirar
responder	responder
esfuerzo	esfuerzo esforzar
vuelves	volver
pájaro	pájaro
hermanas	hermana
guerrero	guerrero
esposas	esposas esposa
coma	coma comer
abra	abrir abra
traes	traer
sientas	sentir sentar
olvide	olvidar
bolsillo	bolsillo
heridas	herida herir
saco	saco sacar
gasolina	gasolina
conexión	conexión
correcta	correcto
pedazos	pedazo
líneas	línea
estarías	estar
convierte	convertir
ayudará	ayudar
rumbo	rumbo
rompió	romper
muera	morir
mia	mío Mia
material	material
diamantes	diamante
rápidamente	rápidamente
mírate	mirar
fecha	fecha
escritorio	escritorio
digan	decir
registro	registro registrar
maten	matar
incendio	incendio
deme	dar
sois	ser
pensamientos	pensamiento
dímelo	decir
comiendo	comer
aparte	aparte
asesinatos	asesinato
lección	lección
algun	algún
abrigo	abrigo
tratamiento	tratamiento
julio	julio
pene	pene
conejo	conejo
suceder	suceder
ruta	ruta
ciego	ciego
asqueroso	asqueroso
súper	súper
prisionero	prisionero
odie	odiar
ocupada	ocupado ocupar
llevarlo	llevar
empezamos	empezar
estuvimos	estar
decírselo	decir
honesto	honesto
entrevista	entrevista
antigua	antiguo
amante	amante
humo	humo
gustas	gustar
condado	condado
conseguido	conseguido conseguir
viajar	viajar
sombra	sombra
sabrá	saber
refiere	referir
lío	lío
estáis	estar
entrega	entrega entregar
drácula	Drácula
compartir	compartir
volvamos	volver
sonrisa	sonrisa
sencillo	sencillo
atrapado	atrapado atrapar
aburrido	aburrido aburrir
pocas	poco
pensaste	pensar
dragón	dragón
volví	volver
planta	planta plantar
clima	clima
adoro	adorar
suave	suave
ruso	ruso
rodillas	rodilla
marina	marino marina
bolso	bolso
alarma	alarma alarmar
vivía	vivir
quédese	quedar
recompensa	recompensa recompensar
juega	jugar
cigarrillo	cigarrillo
autoridad	autoridad
amigas	amiga
agujero	agujero
acabe	acabar
sacaste	sacar
orgullosa	orgulloso
entendí	entender
dijera	decir
sótano	sótano
paredes	pared
guapa	guapo
iría	ir
imaginar	imaginar
fiebre	fiebre
déjala	dejar
botón	botón
preguntarle	preguntar
leyendo	leer
darles	dar
uniforme	uniforme
dulces	dulce
vaso	vaso
documentos	documento
ruego	rogar
maneras	manera
invitados	invitado invitar
cómodo	cómodo
ayudarnos	ayudar
visitar	visitar
vigilancia	vigilancia
nadar	nadar
altura	altura
todavia	todavía
preparados	preparado preparar
cuáles	cuál
mover	mover
jugador	jugador
izquierdo	izquierdo
tecnología	tecnología
raza	raza
conocerlo	conocer
conde	conde
social	social
gobernador	gobernador
coge	coger
cubierta	cubierto cubrir
chiste	chiste chistar
celda	celda
agarra	agarrar
secreta	secreto
personalmente	personalmente
amistad	amistad
amaba	amar
nació	nacer
interesado	interesado interesar
intentado	intentar
educación	educación
curiosidad	curiosidad
buscan	buscar
repito	repetir
pecado	pecado pecar
mortal	mortal
manda	mandar manda
claramente	claramente
vía	vía
juntas	junta juntar
identificación	identificación
dirige	dirigir
declaración	declaración
alemán	alemán
tontos	tonto
mantiene	mantener
bestia	bestia
veneno	veneno
vecinos	vecino
supiera	saber
quieran	querer
salgo	salir
propias	propio
privada	privado
jurado	jurado jurar
golpes	golpe
usan	usar
metas	meta meter
garganta	garganta
invierno	invierno
fila	fila
miel	miel
traigan	traer
sucedido	sucedido suceder
tranquilos	tranquilo
madera	madera
burro	burro
artista	artista
pobres	pobre
impresión	impresión
ganó	ganar
cruzar	cruzar
cigarrillos	cigarrillo
ó	ó
llevarme	llevar
grial	grial
chaqueta	chaqueta
alcalde	alcalde
vueltas	vuelta volver
usado	usar usado
reputación	reputación
pongas	poner
oxígeno	oxígeno
cajas	caja
preocupada	preocupado preocupar
matan	matar
empezando	empezar
cabezas	cabeza
ponerme	poner
experto	experto
océano	océano
maestra	maestra maestro
pieza	pieza
cargos	cargo
bombas	bomba
alcohol	alcohol
trataba	tratar
salen	salir
pizza	pizza
recibí	recibir
junta	junta juntar
criaturas	criatura
apareció	aparecer
actitud	actitud
gira	gira girar
cristal	cristal
encuentran	encontrar
dejarte	dejar
caído	caído caer
ultima	último
sensación	sensación
seguido	seguido seguir
puro	puro
whisky	whisky
vernos	ver
pantalla	pantalla
bebida	bebida beber
estudiar	estudiar
ducha	ducha duchar
despedido	despedido despedir
consiguió	conseguir
venía	venir
pagan	pagar
discúlpame	disculpar
artículo	artículo
aparentemente	aparentemente
ambas	ambos
trauma	trauma
pusieron	poner
fiestas	fiesta
contesta	contestar
contenta	contento contentar
ambiente	ambiente
prometí	prometer
llegando	llegar
mostraré	mostrar
deba	deber
berlín	Berlín
nerviosa	nervioso
hallar	hallar
dudas	duda dudar
llegan	llegar
instrucciones	instrucción
baje	bajar
vinimos	venir
ritmo	ritmo
quédense	quedar
suponía	suponer
pistas	pista
palacio	palacio
encontraré	encontrar
venta	venta
urgente	urgente
tomamos	tomar
salí	salir
cuerda	cuerda cuerdo
vendría	venir
pasaba	pasar
instante	instante
almas	alma
suficientes	suficiente
secundaria	secundario
saltar	saltar
queria	querer
quedarnos	quedar
molesto	molesto molestar
colina	colina
porquería	porquería
sienten	sentir sentar
pondrá	poner
terroristas	terrorista
empecé	empezar
pongan	poner
moto	moto
opinas	opinar
habilidad	habilidad
entren	entrar
descubierto	descubierto descubrir
convertido	convertido convertir
asegúrate	asegurar
quedé	quedar
kilos	kilo
florida	florido
tomará	tomar
sufrir	sufrir
mental	mental
lograr	lograr
instituto	instituto
serlo	ser
rapido	rápido
plato	plato
llorando	llorar
vd	usted
váyase	ir
sucediendo	suceder
robaron	robar
alemania	Alemania
bolas	bola
pasaría	pasar
ocurra	ocurrir
ilegal	ilegal
fresco	fresco
falso	falso
abogados	abogado
tómalo	tomar
mandó	mandar
cuán	cuán
cuales	cual
botas	bota botar
tiburones	tiburón
grado	grado
deseas	desear
archivos	archivo
adivina	adivinar
cruz	cruz
campaña	campaña
asustada	asustado asustar
centavos	centavo
vivimos	vivir
galletas	galleta
frecuencia	frecuencia
daños	daño
minas	mina
emociones	emoción
dejará	dejar
regresó	regresar
ratas	rata
pasión	pasión
hacerse	hacer
comportamiento	comportamiento
pense	pensar
conocimiento	conocimiento
sales	salir
fiscal	fiscal
decisiones	decisión
criminales	criminal
cámaras	cámara
amanecer	amanecer
convirtió	convertir
aldea	aldea
abandonar	abandonar
obvio	obvio
habíamos	haber
apesta	apestar
abandonado	abandonado abandonar
volverás	volver
preocuparse	preocupar
favorita	favorito
lanzamiento	lanzamiento
difíciles	difícil
vivido	vivir
roca	roca
peces	pez
maravilla	maravilla
espacial	espacial
conductor	conductor
camarada	camarada
trabajado	trabajar
caramba	caramba
sopa	sopa
numero	número
gritar	gritar
envía	enviar
casino	casino
alteza	alteza
identidad	identidad
cambios	cambio
guardar	guardar
gatos	gato
gané	ganar
arresto	arresto arrestar
éstas	esta este
preguntó	preguntar
éstos	esto este
probable	probable
seamos	ser
importaría	importar
firmar	firmar
federal	federal
caras	cara
trabajos	trabajo
hagámoslo	hacer
expediente	expediente
tigre	tigre
intentó	intentar
harto	harto hartar
decidir	decidir
periódicos	periódico
casarse	casar
lento	lento
hecha	hecho hacer
daba	dar
ponerte	poner
pelotas	pelota
monstruos	monstruo
cruel	cruel
señoritas	señorita
gigante	gigante
siglos	siglo
escalera	escalera
incidente	incidente
escenario	escenario
dirás	decir
ciertas	cierto
casar	casar
llamen	llamar
biblia	biblia
reporte	reporte
moda	moda
casada	casado casar
reacción	reacción
falla	falla fallar
castigo	castigo castigar
fácilmente	fácilmente
caza	caza cazar
magnífico	magnífico
decidí	decidir
camina	caminar
superficie	superficie
procedimiento	procedimiento
condición	condición
asalto	asalto asaltar
virgen	virgen
verle	ver
conocimos	conocer
quitar	quitar
tratas	tratar
noble	noble
hierba	hierba
excelencia	excelencia
asco	asco
título	título
regresaré	regresar